What would you like to order in Barbecue?
Yeah, I'd like to get a rack of ribs.
With rack of ribs, I would suggest Barbecue sauce.
Yeah. Of course, I want the barbecue sauce and ribs, but I'm talking about sides. You know, like slaw or macaroni and cheese. I want I'd like macaroni and cheese, if they got it.
No, I'd like to get a salad with that. No tomatoes, with ranch dressing.
Salad with no tomatoes and ranch dressing has been added to your order.
Is there anything else you would like to add like fries or drinks?
Can I get a potato, a baked potato?
A Diet Coke or Pepsi, whichever one they have.
Baked potato and diet coke has been added to the order.
Okay, I have your personal details on file, your order will be ready in 20 minutes.
You were ordering Italian food?
Oh, that's right. Can I order takeout for two people, please, for Italian?
Can I order takeout for two people, please, for Italian?
Sure, What would you like to order in Italian food.
Can I get chicken fettuccine alfredo and Spaghetti and meatballs, please.
Just to confirm you would like to order chicken fettuccine alfredo and spaghetti with meatballs.
Would you like to add something as sides like garlic bread.
Yes. Can I get a garlic bread too, please? And. Couple packets of Parmesan cheese, please.
Couple packets of Parmesan cheese, please.
Just to confirm you would like to add garlic bread and packets of Parmesan cheese.
Can I get a 2-L bottle of orange soda?
Yes, two-liter bottle of orange soda added to your order.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order a sandwich takeout order for one.
Okay and how would you like a sandwich?
I'd like one BLT on rye bread with a lemonade and a side of potato chips.
Yes. I'd like one BLT on rye bread with a lemonade and a side of potato chips.
One BLT on rye bread with a lemonade and a side of potato chips. Is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm in this really like super three-way relationship, and we are looking to buy some sandwiches. Can you help me with that?
Yes, I can. What kind of sandwiches would you like to order?
I would like one BLT, one chip butty, and two Reubens.
Just to confirm, you would like to order one BLT, one chip buddy, 2 Ruben's.
Hey, Can I get extra mayo with all of that?
As requested your sandwiches will be prepared with extra mayo.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yes, I'd like to order hot dogs for three people, please.
Just to confirm you would like to order hot dogs for three people.
What kind of hot dogs would you like to order?
Three hot dogs, everything on it, please. And three large order of fries and three Cherry Cokes, please. And that'll be it.
Just to confirm you would like to order three hot dogs with everything on it, three large fries and three Cherry Cokes.
"Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes".
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans. Is that right?
That's correct but I'd like to add two iced teas if you don't mind.
Two iced teas sure. I've added that to the order.
Okay. Let me confirm what you have: 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans and 2 ice teas.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
For three people.
I'd like to order six hot dogs for take out.
I would like them to have ketchup, mustard, onions, and relish on them.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order a hot dog.
Okay, and how would you like the hot dog ordered? One hot dog with everything on it, pickled and jalapenos on the side, with a large fries and coke. Does that complete your order?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today I need to find a restaurant for take-out for one person, and I'm looking for burritos to eat.
I'm looking to order two beef burritos, and a large Hi-C.
2 beef burritos and a large Hi-C.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to place an order of Mexican food for one person.
Get me the chicken beef quesadilla and a soft shell beef taco without lettuce.
One order of chicken beef quesadilla, one soft shell beef taco without lettuce. Anything else?
I wanted to add a sweet ice tea and also get me some nacho chips and cinnamon curly cues.
One order of chicken beef quesadilla, one soft shell beef taco without lettuce, nachos and cinnamon cues and a sweet tea. Does that complete your order?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to take out some food.
What would you like to order in Chinese food?
I like some sweet and sour chicken with noodles and saké.
Just a sweet, Sour chicken and the noodles, That's all.
Okay, Just to confirm you would like to order sweet and sour chicken with noodles. Is that correct?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I would like to place an order for takeout. I would like pizza, please.
That'll just be two people, please.
Ok. What type of pizza?
I would like one large pepperoni and sausage pizza.
Could I also get one 2-L of Sprite cola?
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hello, I need to order food takeout food for three people, and I need to order some soup.
Soup. What kind?
I need three large bowls of chicken noodle.
And also I need three large Diet Cokes to go with them.
Just to confirm you would like to order three large bowls of chicken noodle soup and 3 Diet Cokes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi assistant, I'm looking to order some food for takeout for two people, and I'd like to order some soup, please.
What kind of soup would you prefer? Just to confirm you would like to have a large clam chowder with some crispy bread crumbs.
That's correct, large clam chowder.
Ok. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I need to reorder something I ordered last weekend for takeout.
It was from Sarah's Pizza.
Okay, it was 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom. Is that correct?
I need to add one salad with house dressing, please.
One salad with house dressing, okay.
Alright. So, I have 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom and a salad with house dressing.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah, I need to place an order for pickup on burritos.
I need six burritos three of them with chicken and two of them with beef and one of them with pork
Okay, so your order is 6 burritos three of them with chicken and two of them with beef and one of them with pork.
You also need 3 large drinks, what style of drinks would you like?
Coke.
You have six burritos three of them with chicken and two of them with beef and one of them with pork with three large Cokes, is that correct?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I need to order takeout food for three people. I'm looking for Breakfast burritos.
Breakfast burritos, what kind?
I needed to order three large bacon egg sausage and cheese burritos with a side of guacamole, mild salsa, hot salsa, and sour cream.
Just to confirm you would like to order three large Bacon Eggs Sausage and Cheese Burrito with a side of Guacamole Mild Salsa, Hot Salsa, and Sour Cream, is that correct?
"Okay, can I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
I want to get some hamburgers for dinner tonight. Can you help us out?
Can we get two burgers with pickles and extra onion, ketchup and no tomato?
Just to confirm, your order is two burgers with pickles, extra onions and ketchup excluding tomatoes.
It's one with Pickles and extra onions. And the other with ketchup.
And the tomato order.
Okay, one with pickles and extra onions and other with ketchup and no tomatoes.
Would you like to add some fries to it?
That's a good idea. Can I get a small order of fries, as well?
Would you prefer garlic fries?
Plain fries added to your order.
Would you like to have something to drink?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order some take-out for two. I want some poke.
Can I get two poke aloha bowls and four poke tacos?
2 orders of poke aloha bowls and 4 poke tacos.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to order Chinese food to take-out for two people.
What would you prefer in Chinese food?
I would like to order barbecue spare ribs with pork-fried rice and fried chicken wings.
Just to confirm you would like to order barbecue spare ribs, chicken wings with pork fried rice, is that correct?
Yes, a can of Mountain Dew.
Would you like to add some rib sauce?
Would you like to add some rib sauce?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout for two people.
I would like to order two bacon cheeseburgers and two fries.
Two bacon cheese burgers and two orders of fries. Does that complete your order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout for one person.
I would like one order of poke.
One order of poke, would you like any sides with that?
And how spicy would you like your poke bowl?
Mild.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yes, I'm ordering food for three people. We would like to order Greek, please. We are ordering three Gyros, extra sour cream, large fries on the side with packets of ketchup and three large ice tea.
Can we get two orders of mozzarella sticks, please? And that should be it.
You would like to order 3 Gyros with sour cream and packets of ketchup, large fries, 3 large ice tea and two order of mozzarella sticks.
Yes and three iced teas.
3 large iced tea.
And two order of mozzarella sticks.
And two orders of mozzarella sticks.
You would like to order 3 gyros with sour cream and packets of ketchup, large fries, 3 large iced tea and two orders of mozzarella sticks, is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order some takeout today for two people. I like sandwiches.
Okay, takeout for 2?
Yeah, I'd like to have two cheese burgers, a side of large fries and a 2 litres Pepsi.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah, I'd like to place an order for some Indian food.
I can help you with your Indian food take out order. What would you like to order?
I'd like to get two orders of tandoori chicken.
And one order of Indian lamb curry.
I have two orders of tandoori chicken and one order of Indian lamb Curry, anything else?
Yeah, I need some kind of salads with those.
Let me check what kind of salads they have.
Watermelon, Paneer & Mung Salad.
Heirloom Tomatoes & Idiappam.
And a regular house salad with your choice of dressing.
Yeah, let me just have three regular house salads, one with no tomatoes, and three ranch with those.
I will add the three house salads to order with ranch dressing one salad without tomatoes.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to take out some food.
Two people.
I'd like to order some Mexican food.
I'd like some tortillas, some taco salad and enchiladas and a burrito.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I just need three hot dogs for three people with chili and cheese.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order a pizza with half mushroom, half olives and also, I'd like to get a Caesar salad on the side.
And We'll have one bottle of Morrell Wine.
One half mushroom and half olive pizza with a side caesar salad and a bottle of merlot wine. Does that sound correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order one sandwich for myself.
I'd like to get a turkey with Swiss cheese, Bacon and Lettuce, with the honey-mustard on top, and a slice of tomato on an onion roll.
You said one sandwich. Is that correct?
Just to confirm, you would like to order one turkey sandwich with Swiss cheese bacon, lettuce and tomatoes?
And what sauce?
We're liking the honey mustard.
Honey mustard. Anything else?
Yes. I'd like a sour pickle on the side and some baby carrots on the side, because I like to eat with my puppy, and she's not allowed to have a pickle, so I get her sweet carrots.
Just to confirm, you would like to order turkey sandwich with Swiss cheese, bacon, lettuce and tomatoes with honey mustard and one sour pickle and baby carrots. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Enjoy your sandwich.
I need to order take-out food.
Okay, three people. And I just want three orders of the the appetizer dish.
The tartar, I guess. Is that what I should ask for?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Can you take an order for pasta?
It's just for myself tonight. I want two macaroni and cheeses with extra oregano and some fettuccine.
Any drinks with that?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Is the fettuccine just one standard size?
There is a small and a large.
Can I get a small fettuccine?
Hi. I need help finding a burger joint to order from.
I'm looking for two cheese burgers with pickles, milanese, Ketchup with a salad order of French flies.
Two cheese burgers with pickles, mayo and ketchup, with an order of fries. Anything else?
It has to be a take out restaurant.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to place a reorder a meal for takeout. Could you help me with my last order from Sarah's Pizza?
You had 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom.
Yeah, I'd like to add one salad with house dressing.
Okay. Let me confirm you have 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom and a salad with house dressing. Is that right?
Okay, your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello Assistant. I would like to order some Italian food for three people for takeout.
No, just spaghetti and meatballs and a Caesar salad on the side.
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
It was my pleasure. Enjoy your dinner.
I want to order takeout.
Want to get some hot dogs.
I want to get them just cooked just regularly and I want about six hot dogs, Enough for three people.
Would you like any condiments, drinks or sides without a lighter?
Let me get some. Make sure you have ketchup and mustard.
Would you like any drinks?
A coke.
6 hot dogs with ketchup and mustard packs and 1 coke. Is that correct?
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I need help ordering takeout for three people, please.
Soup. Can I get one bowl of chicken noodle soup, another bowl of tomato soup, and the last bowl of clam chowder, please?
One bowl of chicken noodle soup, one bowl tomato soup, and bowl of calm chowder.
Clam chowder. That'll be it.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I was looking to order some pizza for takeout?
I would like one chicken bacon ranch pizza and one barbecue chicken pizza. Both of them must be large, that should be it.
Ok, so 1 Chicken Bacon Ranch pizza and one Barbecue Chicken pizza both large, is that correct?
Alright, how about anything to drink it down?
Ok, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order Mexican food for three people, please.
I would like to order two king-sized burritos, everything in it. And an order of Taco plate.
Okay, I got it. Your order is two king-size burritos, everything in it and an order of Taco plate. Is there anything more else to order?
Yes, I  want two large Dr.Peppers and one Coke also.
Two large Dr.Peppers and one Coke, okay I got it.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to place an order for takeout for two people.
Okay, Take out for 2, Sounds good, What are you guys in the mood for?
I would like two orders of spaghetti and meatballs.
2 orders of spaghetti and meatballs, Will that complete your order?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need to order burgers for take-out.
Yeah. Well, it's just for me, so I'm looking for something that's got bacon and blue cheese.
You want a hamburger with bacon and blue cheese, correct?
Fries, pickles, extra mayo and ketchup.
Fries, pickles, extra mayo and ketchup. Right?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I wanted to get some takeout burgers just for me. Can you help me with that?
I wanted to get a double cheeseburger with no pickles. Large French fries and that's all.
Your order is a double cheeseburger with no pickles and large fries?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I was trying to order some gyros for three people from a take-out place.
I want two beef and one lamb. On the beef, make it normal with no tomato and onions. And for the lamb, put normal stuff.
I got it. Beef with no tomato and onion. And one lamb with everything.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello assistant. I'd like to order takeout food for myself.
Like to order a burger and fries.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
So, That's the burger and a fries and milkshake. Thank you.
I'd like to order pasta for take out for three people.
I'd like a large Fettuccine Alfredo.
I'd also like a medium spaghetti with meat sauce, a small vermicelli with lobster chunks and can I get two slices of garlic bread with that?
Large fettuccine Alfredo, a medium spaghetti with meat sauce and a small vermicelli with lobster as well as two orders of garlic bread. Does that sound correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
No problem, enjoy your dinner.
Hello. I need to order takeout for three people. I need to order some pizza.
Okay, you wanted to order a pizza for 3?
Yes. And I need to have Italian sausage, pepperoni, and extra cheese on it, and then a side order of bread sticks.
What size did you want the pizza?
Okay. So, that was one large Italian sausage, pepperoni and with extra cheese. With bread sticks on the side. Was that correct?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Crepes? Fantastic.
Sure, let me bring that up.... Looks like you had 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe. Is that correct?
Can I also add one brownie, please?
A chocolate brownie? Sure. I've added that to the order.
Okay, let me confirm what you have: 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe with one brownie.
Okay, Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order some chicken fettuccine Alfredo, some garlic bread and 2-liter of Mountain Dew. That'll be it.
You would like to order chicken fettuccine Alfredo with garlic bread and 2-liter of Mountain Dew. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm looking for take-out food tonight for two people. Looking for some good burgers.
Yeah, I really want a big burger, kind of like Red Robin's. Good amount of fries, cheese, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles. So big, that I could probably have a little bit for later on in the night, as well. I'd like two large Cokes, please.
Ranch for the fries, please. And that should be about it.
Got it. Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order two pizzas for three people, please.
Just to confirm you would like to order two pizzas for three people. Is it correct?
Yes, it's correct and to be very specific, I'd like pepperoni, jalapeños, sausage and tomatoes and chicken, please with extra large.
Just to confirm your first pizza would be large with cheese and sausage and the second pizza would be extra large in size with pepperoni jalapeno sausage tomatoes and chicken. Is that correct?
Yes, really large Cokes.
3 large Cokes added to your order. Anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I am looking to reorder something that I ordered last weekend for takeout.
Larry's Grill.
You had two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both.
I also need to add two Iced teas to that.
Two Iced Teas? Sure. I've added that to the order.
Okay. Let me confirm what you have, two burgers well done with everything on them, Sweet potato fries with both and 2 iced teas.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I was want to order some barbecue for two people.
Is there any particular dish for the barbecue?
I am thinking to order two slabs of barbecue ribs.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order take out Mexican for two people.
What would you like to order in Mexican food?
Like one carne asada burrito.
One chicken chimichanga.
And for side dishes I'd like yellow rice, pinto beans, and black beans. That completes my order.
You would like to order one carne asada burrito, chicken chimichanga. A side of yellow rice, pinto beans and black beans. Is that correct?
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi, I need to order some food for takeout for three people and I want to order some pasta, please.
Okay, One moment.Pasta with clam sauce, with a side of caesar salad and crispy garlic bread plus a bottle of white wine. Is that your order?
I need Pasta with clam sauce, with a side of caesar salad and crispy garlic bread plus bottle of white wine. That's it, That's my order. Thank you.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I need to order takeout burritos for one person.
Hi. Okay, what kind of burritos do you want to order?
One carne asada. And I'd also like some side of sour cream. A side of black beans and a side of yellow rice, please. And that's it.
One carne asada burrito with a side of sour cream with black beans and yellow rice.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to order takeout food for three people and the type of food I'm looking at is burgers.
What kind of burgers are you looking for?
I'm looking for a Big Mac, a chili burger and a patty melt with three large french fries and three cans of Mountain Dew Code Red, that would be all.
Yes, I would like a Big Mac, one chili burger, one patty melt with three large French fries and three cans of Mountain Dew Code Red, that would be all.
One Big Mac, one cheeseburger and one patty melt with three large french fries and three cans of Mountain Dew Code Red.
Ok, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Could you help me with delivery?
Let me get some gyros.
Gyros. For how many people?
I need it for two people.
Yeah. And then add on one of those Greek salads.
Gyros for 2 and Greek salad.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want some soup for myself. Can you take a the order?
No, I want two orders of french onion soup. Do those come in different sizes, or is it just one size of French onion?
Just one size. And I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I need to order takeout for two people.
I need to order two fish salads with cheese and two large cokes.
Two fish salads with cheese and 2 large cokes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need to order a takeout pasta for two people, please.
Like one lasagna with meat sauce and side of two meatballs.
I'd like one vegetable lasagna.
Just to confirm you, would like to order one lasagna with meat sauce and inside of two meatballs, one vegetable lasagna with four pieces of sourdough bread and two Canali's. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I would like to order takeout.
What would you prefer vegetarian or non-vegetarian Indian food?
Okay. Non-vegetarian.
How about Lamp masala?
How would you prefer it to be spicy or non spicy or mild spicy?
Mild spicy.
Okay. I got it, would you prefer some Nan?
Three.
Just to confirm your order 3 naan and lamb masala.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to order take away Thai food for one person.
Chicken with cashew nuts.
Just to confirm, Chicken with cashew nuts. Is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I wanted to order takeout.
I want to order burgers.
Drinks and fries too?
Fries, for sure.
Sound yummy. For how many?
It'll be for two people.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'm looking for pork take-out food for one person.
I just need one ACV salad and a side of a Diet Coke. And that's it.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I would like to order Chinese take-out for three people.
Yes. I'd like one beef with broccoli. One Google guide pen and one shrimp remain.
One Google guide pen and one shrimp remain.
Would you like any sides or drink?
Three teas, Please.
Got it. Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order some burritos for take-out.
3 burritos.
2 with beef, 1 with chicken and cheese, rice, lettuce, tomatoes and hot sauce.
2 with beef, 1 with chicken and cheese, rice, lettuce, tomatoes and hot sauce. Is that correct?
Any drinks?
Could we get three iced teas?
3 ice teas, you got it.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I would like to place an order for Indian food, please, for three people.
What would you like to order in Indian food for three people?
For the first order, The person wants a beef dish, So I was thinking beef shish kebabs. For the second order, The person wanted chicken tandoori. And for the final order, the person wanted curry, so I suggested maybe a green curry. And that should be it for the orders.
Would it be green mutton curry or chicken curry.
Chicken curry's fine.
Just to confirm you would like to order beef shish kebabs. Chicken tandoori. And green chicken curry.
Would you like to try some naan?
What kind plain or garlic?
Garlic, please.
Garlic naan added to the order. Anything else to drink?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah. I was wondering could you help me order some Thai food for takeout?
What would you like to order in Thai food?
Okay. I just need one order for myself. Can I get an order of pad Thai?
And I'd also like to order of spring rolls and a large sweetened tea.
You would like to order 1 pad Thai, spring rolls and large sweetened tea. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, could you help me order takeout for three people?
I would like one order of souvlaki.
One chicken gyro.
One bowl of lemon lemon chicken orzo soup.
One order of souvlaki and chicken gyro, lemon chicken orzo soup.
Side orders of baklava.
And spanakopita.
OK. "I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes"
My brother and me want to order Thai food. Can you take our order?
Two pad Thai, two large noodle soups, and two orders of three spring rolls.
Okay. Your order is 2 pad Thai, 2 large noodle and 2 spring rolls?
No. two orders of three spring rolls So one order would be three spring rolls, right? Two orders would be It's just two orders of three spring rolls.
Your order is 2 pad Thai, 2 large noodle and 2 order of 3 spring rolls.
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi. Can you help me order takeout for three people?
I'm interested in ordering hot dogs.
Could I have a extra-long chili cheese dog and ketchup with relish, hot dog with mustard, relish and ketchup, regular hot dog with extra ketchup?
Ok. Extra long Chilli cheese dog with ketchup & relish, hot dog with mustard, relish and ketchup, regular hot dog with extra ketchup. Is there anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need your help finding food for takeout for three people. I'm looking to order some burgers.
Okay, you wanted to order burgers for 3 people. Is that correct?
The first burger, I'd like a mushroom swiss double cheeseburger and that's it.
And the second burger?
The second burger is a bacon, lettuce and tomato 1/4 pounder.
And what would you like on the last burger?
On the last burger, I'd like to get a pizza burger with extra cheese.
Okay. So, I have one mushroom swiss double cheeseburger, one bacon, lettuce, tomato quarter pounder and a pizza burger with extra cheese. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant. I would like to order some takeout food for three people. And I would like to order some hot dogs, please.
Okay takeout for 3 with hot dogs what would you like with them.
I'd order a French fries and three Diet Cokes.
Mustard saurkraut relish and onions on all 3 with a side order of french fries and 3 diet cokes will that complete your order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order food for takeout for three people. And the type of food I'm looking at is burritos.
I would like a carne asada burrito, a bean and cheese burrito, and a mission burrito.
Okay, I have a carne asada burrito one bean and cheese burritos and one mission burrito and a slice of flan and 3 diet Dr.peppers.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, could you help me order take-out food for two people?
What would you like to have for dinner?
I want Greek food, could I have one order of souvlaki and one order of moussaka.
Two small Greek salads and a side of Spanakopita and a side of baklava.
And a side of Spanakopita and a side of baklava.
One sukiyaki, one order of mus-aka, two small Greek salads, and a side of spanacopita, and one order of baklava. Does that sound correct?
Did you want any drinks with that?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
No problem, enjoy your dinner and have a great weekend.
Hello. I want to order takeout pizza for two people, please.
I can help you order takeout pizza.
How many pizzas would you like to order?
Okay let's start with the first pizza. What size and toppings would you like?
Small deep dish sausage and mushroom.
For your order, I have one small deep dish sausage and mushroom pizza and one small deep dish spinach pizza, is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Two.
I'd like an appetizer of crab ragoon, and an order of crisp and chicken.
I would like to order a takeout.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I actually want to get some pizza for my girlfriend and I want a medium with large anchovies and bell peppers. Can I get a six-piece side of wings with that?
And also two bottled waters.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Bye, See you later.
Hello, I need to order some takeout gyro food.
Just one, and I need to order one large beef gyro, and I need a side of some Greek sauce.
Just to confirm you would like to order one large beef gyro with a side of Greek sauce, is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need some help ordering some takeout.
I need to order gyros.
The first order, I need a chicken gyro with no tomatoes and extra tzatziki sauce.
And an order of fries.
Chicken gyro with no tomatoes and extra tzatziki sauce and order of fries, okay.
Second order, I need just a regular gyro everything on it. I need to order fries with that.
A regular gyro, everything on it and order fries to go along with that, great.
Okay. Third order, I need another regular gyro, no tzatziki sauce, Mayonnaise instead and with an order of fries.
Third order will be another regular gyro, no tzatziki sauce, Mayonnaise instead and with an order of fries as well, you got it.
Okay, I'd like to get some drinks. I need two regular Cokes and one Diet Coke or Pepsi.
Two regular Cokes and one Diet Coke or Pepsi, sure thing.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order Italian takeout for two.
I would like to order Eggplant Parmesan and Chicken Milanese.
And can I also get two mimosas?
Just to confirm you would like to order Eggplant Parmesan and Chicken Milanese?
Yes and then two mimosas.
2 mimosas?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hot dogs.
I'd like to takeout order out for hot dogs.
One person.
Some chili dog to go with that.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to get a breakfast burrito for take-out.
Yeah, let me get the large slide order of guacamole.
Breakfast burritos, large side of guacamole and hot salsa.
"Ok, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi, we were just talking a couple moments ago, and I'm just trying to get back to that conversation. And I would like to order a two soups for two people. And I would like the first soup to be a lentil soup and the second soup to be a Mexican chicken lime soup.
And a box of Saltine crackers.
A bottle of water, that's all.
Two soups. One lentil soup and one Mexican chicken lime soup with saltine crackers and 1 bottled waters.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today I'm looking to get food for takeout for a couple of people. I'm looking to get Chinese food and I'm looking for a four star rated restaurant to go to.
Two people.
Okay, Chinese.
I'm looking to order a large pork fried rice, a small wonton soup. And I'm looking to get a large General Tso chicken.
Large pork fried rice small wonton soup and one large general xiao chicken.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hello. I'm looking to order takeout food for three people. I need to order some burgers.
I can help you with your takeout order, what kind of burgers would you like to order?
I need to order three triple-patty burgers with cheese, American cheese. They need to have lettuce, tomato. And then one needs to have onion or I'm sorry, pickle on it. And I need to get ketchup and mustard on the side on all of them. And then I need to have an order a extra-large order of french fries. And I need two side salads with ranch. And I also need to order three diet cokes to go along with them. And that'd be it.
Okay, this is what I have. Three triple patty burgers with American cheese all with lettuce, tomatoes and one with pickles ketchup and mustard on the side in order of extra large fries, two side salads with ranch and three diet cokes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I wanted to order breakfast burritos for take out.
It's going to be for two people.
Yeah, I just wanted to get two of the chorizo breakfast burritos, With hot salsa and sour cream.
And then two orange juices. And that's going to be it.
Two chorizo breakfast burritos with hot salsa and sour cream, With two orange juices. Does that sound correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order some Thai food for takeout, please.
I need two orders of Pad Thai and then one order of Thai fried rice.
And then can I just get three glasses of water and that's going to be it?
2 orders of Pad Thai and order of Thai fried rice and three glasses of water. Does that complete your order?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yes, takeout for myself, please. Mexican food.
Okay, take out of Mexican food. What would you like to order?
Four steak tacos and fried rice on the side and I need a large Sprite.
Fried rice on the side.
And a large Sprite.
So your order is 4 steak tacos, fried rice on the side and one large sprite, is that correct?
Yes. A medium order of french fries, as well.
Add a medium order of french fries.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Just planning to pick up some food for dinner. I'm really in the mood for burgers.
I can help you with your takeover. What would you like to order?
I'm looking for a take-out place. I'm looking for veggie burgers. Where's a good place?
There is the Burger Point that is within 20 minutes from your location.
Do they offer veggie burgers?
I want to go to the Burger Point.
Yes, they have a wide variety of burgers as well as turkey patties and other options.
Sounds good. I'd like to get a burger with cheddar cheese, tomato and lettuce and relish.
Okay, I have a burger with cheddar cheese, tomato, lettuce and relish.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm looking to order some Indian food for takeout for one person.
I was wanting to get some chicken tikka with a side of rice.
Yeah. Can I get some brown sauce and a Coca-Cola?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I need to order takeout pasta for one person, please.
I'd like lasagna with meat sauce and a side of two meatballs and two pieces of sourdough bread and one cannoli.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order takeout for three people, barbecue.
For the first order, I'd like a full rack of ribs with a baked potato.
Macaroni and cheese, can I get that as a side?
Your orders are full rack of ribs, baked potato and mac and cheese on the side.
Yes, that's one order. For the second order, I'd like a half rack with a chicken breast, barbecued with macaroni and cheese and a baked potato.
Okay, for the third order, I'd like a half rack and some chopped barbecue with slaw and a baked potato, also.
Your 2nd order is half rack chicken breast barbecued with macaroni and cheese and and baked potato.
Your 3rd order is half rack chopped barbecue with coleslaw and baked potato.
Okay. And can I get three house salads with that, ranch and Thousand Island. And three large teas, sweetened.
I need three house salads, to go with those orders. Two with ranch and one with Thousand Island. And then three large sweetened iced teas.
The order includes 3 house salads with ranch and thousand Island dressing and three sweeten ice teas.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout for one person.
Take out for one person any type of food in a particular item?
I would like one order of poke.
Would you like a drink with that?
Ok, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I would love to get some Chinese food. I want to get chicken lo mein, spare ribs and two servings of tastu ramen.
Chicken lo mein, spare ribs and two servings of tastu ramen. Anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
You're welcome. Enjoy your dinner.
Hi, I like to order burgers for one person.
I would like to have a cheeseburger. Can you help me?
A cheeseburger with a side of French fries.
A cheeseburger and a side of fries correct?
I would like to have ketchup on the fries and mustard on the cheeseburger. That's all.
A cheeseburger with mustard and fries with ketchup?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order a vegetable sandwich for takeout, please.
One vegetable sandwich?
Yes, please. I'd like some lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle, green pepper, mustard, oil, and vinegar.
I'd like lettuce, tomato, onion, mustard, oil, and vinegar.
One vegetable sandwich with lettuce, mustard, tomato, onion, mustard, oil, and vinegar.
Yes, please. When will that be ready for pickup?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I need to order takeout for three people. I need to order some Greek food.
Okay, Do you have a place in mind for Greek food or would you like me to search?
How does Olives Greek Cafe sound for take out?
Okay, What would you like from Olives Greek cafe?
I just need to order three large beef gyros. And that's it.
Okay, Placing an order for 3 large beef Gyros.
Hi. I'm looking for burgers for takeout.
Three people.
On the burgers, I would like them to have Swiss cheese.
Also, onions and mushrooms.
Your order is Swiss cheese on the burger and also onions and mushrooms, is this correct?
All three burgers should be medium well.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, I want to get some soup for three people.
And what type of soup would you like.
Yeah! For the first order, I'd like a large bowl of chicken noodle soup.
Okay, And the next order I'd like a large bowl of vegetable soup.
And for the last order, I'd like a cup of Tomato Soup with a small salad with Ranch dressing.
One large of chicken noodle soup, large order of veggie soup, and a cup of tomato soup with a side salad with ranch dressing. Does that complete your order?
Yeah! And can you make sure there's plenty of crackers for that. And I would also like to get three large cokes.
3 Large cokes and a fist full of crackers has been added to your order. Is that it for today?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I need to make a carry out order for a poke salad.
Just regular for two people.
Just to confirm you would like to order 1 regular poke salad. Is that correct?
Two of them, please.
Okay, I will make that 2 regular poke salad.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'd like to order takeout food for three people. I want to get some burgers.
Okay, anything special on your burgers?
I'd like to get one mushroom burger, one Swiss cheeseburger and one cheddar cheeseburger.
Okay. I'll place an order for one mushroom burger, one Swiss cheese burger and what was the last one?
Cheddar cheeseburger.
You got it cheddar cheese burger.
That should be ready in about 30 minutes to pick-up.
Hi. I was wondering if you could help me order some take-out for a couple of people.
A small order of beans.
And some large order of fries.
Okay. In the second-order, I need a chopped plate.
And I also need two teas with that.
I need a chopped plate.
And I also want two teas with that.
2 BBQ sandwiches, coleslaw, small beans and large fries. Your second-order, chopped plate and 2 T's.
Okay. For the first order, no coleslaw on the sandwiches.
Okay, no coleslaw.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order sandwiches for takeout, Please.
Two.
I would like two sandwiches with salami and mustard.
So I have to salami and mustard sandwiches. Would you like to add anything to this order.
OK, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'm going to takeout for three people, would like to order burgers tonight.
Yeah, I'd like to get three burgers with three veggie cheese burgers.
With the salads and sweet potato fries.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order Greek takeout for one person.
I can help with your take out. What would you like to order from the Greek restaurant?
Could I get a Filet Mignon kebab with eggplant sides and pita bread?
Okay, this is what I have, one Filet Mignon Kebab with eggplant sides and pita bread. Would you like to add a drink?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order some barbecue for one person.
Okay, what kind of Barbecue?
Barbecue ribs.
One order Barbecue ribs. Anything else?
Coleslaw.
Some baked beans.
And corn on the cob.
Your side dish is a coleslaw, corn on the cob and baked beans.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout for two people.
I would like to order two steak gyros.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I want to order some Mexican food for takeout.
I just need a order of chimichangas.
It's going to be for one person. I just need a order of chimichangas and a 2 liters of coke.
So just to confirm you would like to order chimichangas and 2 liter bottle of coke.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today I need your help finding some food to eat. I'm looking to get some hot dogs for one person.
I'm looking to get two hot dogs, two regular size hot dogs, with on one of them sauerkraut and mustard and on the other, mustard and ketchup and that's it.
Can you repeat the condiments on those please?
Yes. On one hot dog, I want mustard and sauerkraut and on the other one I'd like mustard and ketchup.
Two hot dogs with sauerkraut and mustard on one, and mustard and ketchup on the other. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome. 20 minutes is pretty good timing for me, so I'll be ready to pick it up. Thank you.
I'd like to order takeout for three people.
I would like two large pepperoni pizzas.
Would you like any sides or drinks with that?
Okay, I have your order for two large pepperoni pizzas. Does that complete your order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Enjoy your dinner.
I'd like to order an Italian takeout for three.
I'd like to order one chicken masala, one chicken and sausage ziti, and one shrimp florentine.
And then, could I also get three chocolate chip cannolis?
Sure. I'd like one chicken masala, one chicken and sausage ziti and one shrimp florentine.
And then three chocolate chip cannolis.
Just to confirm, you would like to order one chicken masala, one chicken and sausage ziti one shrimp florentine, is that correct?
Yes, and then three chocolate chip cannolis for dessert.
And 3 chocolate chip cannolis.
A bottle of Chardonnay.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I want to order breakfast burritos for two.
Okay, can I have one with egg, cheese and ham? The other with bacon, sausage and ham.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I wanted to place an order for Chinese food takeout tonight, please.
What would you prefer in Chinese food?
First of all, I would like to order egg rolls. Actually, make that two orders of egg rolls. I would like a Moo goo gai pan.
An order of beef and broccoli and a kung pao chicken.
And finally, I'd like some steamed white rice for three people.
Just to confirm your order is 2 eggs rolls, Moo goo gai pan, beef and brococlli, kung pao chicekn, steamed rice for 3 people.
Would you like to try some hot and sour chicken soup?
Yeah, sure. Why not add some hot and sour chicken soup to the order?
Hot and sour chicken soup has been added to your order.
Would you like to add something to drink?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah, I'd like to place an order for pizza.
I can help you with your pizza order. What would you like?
Yeah, I'd like to get a large pepperoni and mushroom pizza. I'd also like to get an order of breadsticks, Garlic breadsticks, With marinara sauce.
Okay, I have a large pepperoni and mushroom pizza in order of garlic bread sticks with marinara sauce. Anything else?
Yeah, I need to get some drinks. Do they do 2 L, Or do they have individual drinks? Thank you.
Let me check on that for you. It looks like they have a variety of two liters and 1 liter bottles as well from the Coke Cola lineup.
Okay, Let me get one 2-L Coke and one 2-L Diet Coke.
I will add a two liter of Coke and A2 liter of Diet Coke to your order. Anything else?
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah, I was wanting to order some hot dogs for takeout.
Can you confirm the number of hot dogs you would like to order?
One person.
What kind of hot dog would you like to order for one?
I just want it to have ketchup, mustard, and relish on it.
Just to confirm you would like to order one hot dog with ketchup mustard and relish on it.
Just a Pepsi, and that's going to be it.
1 Pepsi added to the order. Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant, I'd like to order some food for takeout for just one person. And I need some Thai food.
Okay, Thai food sounds good, what would you like to order?
I would like some, you know, a chicken dish. I like spicy noodles. Thai noodles with peanut sauce. That's exactly what I want, a large order of pad Thai.
Okay, one large order of pad thai, got it anything else?
A diet ginger ale.
One diet ginger ale, will that complete your order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant. Can you help me with a takeout order from Casa Sanchez?
So you got 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans.
That sounds correct. Also, can I add two iced teas to the order?
Put two Iced Teas shifting.
So I got one market burrito with black beans spicy salsa and one chicken taco platter with refried beans and two sides have iced-tea?
Ok. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yes, I'd like to order Greek food for two people, please.
I can help you with your takeout order. What would you like to order from the Greek restaurant?
We'd like two hero sandwiches, please. With extra sour cream and tomatoes, two large orders of fries, one large Coke, and one large Sprite.
Okay, here's what I have. Two gyros extra sour cream and tomatoes, two large orders of fries, one large Coke and one large Sprite.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hot dogs and french fries.
How many hot dogs would you like to order?
Three. Enough for three people.
Would you like to have chili hot dogs or the regular ones?
Regular.
Just to confirm, your order would be 3 regular hot dogs and fries.
What do you prefer small or large fries?
Small fries.
Would you like to add any drink?
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need to order Basil Chicken from the Thai restaurant for a takeout.
Okay. One order of basil chicken, And anything else?
A Diet Coke, Please.
A Diet Coke to go along with it, Okay anything else?
Is this just for one person?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order takeout, please.
Can I order Italian food?
Yeah. Can I order a chicken Parmesan with pasta. Was that marinara sauce? Yes. Could I get a 2-L bottle of Pepsi, please, with that?
Was that marinara sauce? Yes. Could I get a 2-L bottle of Pepsi, please, with that?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to place an order for Indian food for takeout for three people, please.
I'd like to order a samosa, tandoori chicken, saag paneer.
How about the drink?
Alright, so I'll go with some Tropicana orange juice.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order takeout for two people.
I'd like to have two orders of Lasagne.
No price range.
How does takeout from Cucina Venti Restaurant sound?
Do you want just Lasagna or anything else?
Just two orders of Lasagne.
Okay, placing an order for 2 servings of Lasagna. Enjoy your meal!
Hello, can I get three steak burritos and three large Cokes, please, and two orders of french fries?
Three large steak burritos, three orders of Coke, and 2 large fries.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order takeout for three people, please.
Indian food.
Can I get a bowl of lamb Vindaloo?
Also, can I get a Punjabi chicken curry?
And I like also like a bowl of mixed vegetable curry.
Can I get a order of a 2-L bottle of Pepsi, please? That will be it.
One bowl of lamb vindaloo, Punjabi chicken curry and a bowl of mixed vegetable curry and 2 liter bottle of Pepsi, is that correct?
It looks like that will be ready in about 35 minutes.
Hi. I was wondering if you could help me place a take-out order for barbecue.
Okay. For the first order, I need a pound of chopped barbecue. And a large order of slaw. Large order of hush puppies.
And a large order of slaw.
Large order of hush puppies.
Yes, I'd like to get two barbecue sandwiches with and two large Cokes or Pepsi whatever .
One pound of chopped BBQ, Large order of cole slaw, Large order of hush puppies, 2 BBQ sandwiches with slaw, 2 Large pepsi's.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order takeout Chinese food for two people, please.
Like one beef and broccoli. And one chicken and broccoli. And that's it.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I need to order some breakfast burritos for two people.
Breakfast burritos with sausage, egg, cheese and bacon. And I'd like to add tortillas pancakes.
Breakfast burritos with sausage, egg, bacon and cheese, your other order is tortillas pancakes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'm looking to order pizza for takeout.
For how many people and what's the size of the pizza?
Oh, we're going to get for three people and it's going to be large.
I would like pepperoni and mushroom. And can we get a two liter pepsi?
So just to confirm, you would like to order a large pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms and a two liter pepsi, right?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I want to order some takeout for three people. We're thinking to order some Thai food.
I can help with that. What would you like to order in Thai food?
We want to order two orders of Khao pad fried rice and an order of pad tie.
We need three Coca-Colas and I think that's it.
Just to confirm you would like to order 2 orders of Khao pad fried rice, one pad Thai and 3 Coca-Cola.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today, I need your help getting food for takeout for one person. I'm looking to order some Chinese food.
I'm looking to order a large pork-fried rice, one egg roll, and a medium-sized container full of barbecue spare ribs, and that's it.
Your order is one large pork fried rice, egg rolls, and a medium container BBQ spare. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome. 20 minutes is good timing for me. I'll be ready to pick it up. Thank you for your help today.
Hi. I was wondering if you could help me order some food for takeout.
A pork.
Yeah, how about some Hanasaki?
Hansaki, anything else?
Yeah, how about a bowl of Miso soup and a diet coke?
A bowl of Miso soup, Hanasaki and a diet coke. Does that complete your order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
You're welcome. Enjoy your pork.
Hi. I was wanting to order breakfast burritos takeout for one.
I was just thinking two regular size bacon, egg, and cheese burritos.
Okay, got it. Two regular bacon, egg and cheese burritos. Would you like to any sides or drinks?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, i want to order some hot dogs for take-out.
Two people, please.
I just wanted two Chicago Ducks with a side of Fries and two Sprites to drink and that's all.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah, I'd like to order some takeout for two people.
I would like some Italian.
What would you like to order in Italian?
Okay. The first order, I'd like to order some lasagna.
With a salad, no tomatoes, with Italian dressing.
And for my second order, I'd like to order Fettuccine Alfredo.
With also a salad.
With ranch dressing.
Just to confirm your first order would be lasagna with salad that has no tomatoes but has Italian dressing.
Second order would be Fettuccine Alfredo with salad and ranch dressing.
Yes. And can I get some an extra order of garlic bread, and one coke, and one diet coke?
Okay, one garlic bread as sides with coke and diet coke added to the order.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like help ordering takeout Greek food for three people.
I can help you with that. Would you like to order in, eat out or cook at home?
I want takeout.
Okay. What would you like to order from the Greek restaurant?
Like one Gyro sandwich, sauce on the side, One serving of moussaka and that completes my order.
Okay. I have one Gyro with the sauce on the side, one order of masak and one order of pasitzio.
Well, the second item is moussaka.
Spelled m o u s s a k a.
I apologize One Order of mousaka.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I will have one hot dog with mustard relish and sauerkraut, a side order of french fries and a Diet Coke.
Okay. I'l have one hot dog with mustard relish and sauerkraut, a side order of french fries and a Diet Coke.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Great, I'll be there in 20 minutes.
I want to order takeout Indian food for two people.
I'd like to order one butter chicken, one French bean aloo and two naans and that completes my order.
So that was one butter chicken, one French bean aloo and two orders of naan. Is that correct?
The first order was for butter chicken.
Would you like anything to drink?
Okay, I have your personal details on file your order will be ready to pick up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to place a reorder for takeout.
The restaurant is called Casa Sanchez.
Okay. I'd like to add salad with house dressing.
A salad with house dressing. Sure, I've added that to the order.
I have 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with re-fried beans and a salad with house dressing.
Hi, I'm looking to get some takeout for tonight.
I want to order some hot dogs.
Okay, Hot dogs got it.
Also, I want Is there any like a place where maybe I can get a side with that, Like hot dogs and fries?
Okay, One hot dog and a side of fries.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order Italian take out for three.
Italian for 3.
Yes, could I get one Lobster Ravioli? One chicken Parmesan and one serving Tuscan minestrone soup. Sorry, Tucson.
Could I also get three servings of Tiramisu?
Ok, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'm trying to place an order for takeout for three people.
I'm looking for Greek food. Can I get Two Gyro's and a hot cheese salad. That'll be it.
So, Two Gyro's and a hot cheese salad?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order takeout sandwiches for two people.
Hello. I can help you order takeout for sandwiches. Go ahead with the first person to order.
Okay. For the first one, I would like ham and Swiss on  whole grain bread with mustard sauce.
And then for the second one, I want flatbread with feta cheese, cucumber, red peppers, lettuce, tomato, and tzatziki sauce.
Two sweet Tea's.
To confirm your order, I have one ham and swiss on whole grain with mustard.  One flatbread sandwich with feta cucumber red pepper lettuce tomato and tzatziki sauce and two sweet tea's. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order two large pizzas for takeout.
Ok, Two large pizzas.
I'd like one to be pepperoni and mushroom.
And the other one to be sausage and red pepper.
Can I also get a 2L bottle of coke?
2 liter coke got it.
OK, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today, I need your help finding a place to get food at for three people. I'm looking to get takeout for hot dogs.
Take out for 3 hot dogs, sounds nice.
I'd like to get just three regular hot dogs with one with sauerkraut, one hot dog with mustard and ketchup, and one hot dog with chili. And that's it.
3 hot dogs one with saurkraut, one with mustard and ketchup and one with chilli will that complete your order?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, awesome. I'll be ready to pick it up in 20 minutes. Thank you for your help today. Take care. You're welcome.
Hello, I'd like like to order Italian food for takeout for two people.
What would you like to order in Italian food?
I'd like to order 2 spaghetti and meatballs, a Caesar salad on the side, and crispy bread, and also a Gelato for dessert.
You would like to order 2 spaghetti with meatballs.
Caesar salad crispy bread.
And a Giletto.
I am sorry Gelato.
"Ok, can I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Yes, continue where I left off for my order for sandwiches, please.
Two grilled chicken sandwiches with ketchup, tomatoes, pickle, lettuce.
And two large orders of fries and one large Coke, please.
Two grilled chicken sandwiches with tomatoes, ketchup and pickles. And two large fries and 1 large coke. Is that correct?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order BBQ for three people.
What would you prefer in BBQ food?
Three orders of barbecue ribs, large order of fries for all three, two large cokes and one Dr. Pepper.
Just to confirm ribs and large order of fries for all three, 2 large cokes and 1 Dr. pepper.
Would you like to add some sauce to it?
Yes, please. Can you put that on the side?
What kind of sauce would you prefer?
You could put the rib sauce on the side.
Rib sauce on the side has been added to the order.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order for takeout.
What would you like to order for takeout and for how many people?
I want to get pasta, and it's for two people.
What kind of pasta would you like to order?
Alfredo chicken.
Just to confirm you would like to order 2 Alfredo chicken pasta.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Larry's Grill.
Sure, let me bring that up. It looks like you had two burgers with sweet potatoes on them on both. Is that correct?
I would like to order one salad with the house dressing.
Okay, I will add that to the order. To confirm your order is two burgers sweet potatoes on them, fries with both and a house salad with house dressing, is that correct?
Okay, your order will be ready for pickup in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order Thai food for three people.
Okay, I would like one Pad Woon Sen, one red curry and one larb.
Larb was the third one.
And then the first one was Pad Woon Sen clear needle noodles.
One red curry, one larb, and one pad Woon Sen?
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey, I'm looking to buy some breakfast.
For 2 people.
Two BLTs and three sliders with a side of onions.
Any drinks with that?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, would you help me with ordering take-out for two people?
I want Indian food, so could I have one order of Chicken Masala?
And one order of Butter Chicken.
And a side order of Samosas.
Anything else like Naan?
Just to confirm you would like to order one order of Chicken Masala, Butter Chicken and a side order of Samosa. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to place a takeout order for Thai food.
I'd like to order one pineapple fried rice, small chicken wonton soup and add two fresh rolls.
Just to confirm, you would like to order pineapple fried rice, small chicken wonton soup and two fresh rolls. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I want some soup from a local place.
Okay, soup sounds good.
Soup for how many?
For one person. Just for myself.
Thank you. Can I get some French onion soup and some avocado soup, too?
One french onion soup and one avacado soup will that complete your order?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Wait, Can you make sure the avocado soup is served cold?
Add note avacado soup served cold got it.
Hi there. I'm looking to order takeout for three people.
I'd like three beef bean, and cheese burritos. Two steak burritos and four chicken burritos. And that should be it.
One moment. 3 beef bean and cheese burritos, 2 steak burritos and 4 chicken burritos.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to order some takeout hot dogs.
Okay, Take out hot dogs, got it.
Can I get two Coney dogs and two Chicago-style hot dogs?
Two Coney dogs and 2 Chicago dogs.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Thank you.
I need to finish the breakfast order.
Right, so just breakfast burrito for one.
One breakfast burrito. Is there anything else?
Food for 1 people one breakfast burrito.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello Assistant, I need to add some items to my takeout order. Can you help me?
Great. I'm ordering for two people, and I'd like to order some sandwiches. I forgot to add few sandwiches, so I need pastrami on rye and an egg salad sandwich with a side of french fries and two coffees to go.
Just to confirm you would like to order pastrami sandwich and an egg sandwich and 2 coffees.
Right. That sounds right. And don't forget my French fries. Did you get my French fries? I need French fries, too.
Large coffees, please. Yes, large French fries, please. Sounds good.
One large french fries. You said two large coffees?
You said two large coffees?
Yes, two large coffees, as well.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order takeout for one person, please.
I'd like to order chicken fettucine alfredo.
One chicken fettuccine alfredo and any sides with that? Or maybe even a drink?
Could I get a 2 L bottle of orange soda and garlic bread two? Sorry, I'm trying to think that's about it.
Okay, I have your order of chicken fettuccine Alfredo and a two liter of orange soda and garlic bread. Does that sound correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
No problem, enjoy your dinner.
Hi, I'd like to order takeout for two people.
I'd like to order two chicken earlobes.
Just to confirm, you would like to order 2 chicken euros.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like three breakfast burritos with a side of hash browns and three coffees to go. That's about it.
3 breakfast burritos with hash browns and 3 coffees to go.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order takeout.
Just for one person.
I just want soup, lemon chicken orzo soup. And also a side Baguette. And , That´s it.
And also a side baguette.
Any drinks with that?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello Assistant. I would like to order some food for takeout for three people.
I would like to order different kinds of soup. For the first person, I would like to order a pint of minestrone soup. For the second person, I would like to order tomato basil soup, a pint of that. And for the third person, I would like to order mushroom and barley soup. On the side, I would like some hard like crusty bread.
Just to confirm you would like to order three different kinds of soup.
First a pint of minestrone soup.
2nd tomato basil soup.
And third mushroom and barley soup.
With the side of crusty breads.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi assistant, I want to resume my food for takeout for two people order. And just to get back at it, I would like to order a chili dog, a cheddar-bacon hot dog, two cans of Dr Pepper. That will be all.
Chilli dog, 2 cheddar hotdog and two cans of Dr pepper. is that your order?
Just one cheddar-bacon hot dog.
One cheddar-bacon hot dog, one chili dog, two cans of Dr. Pepper and that will be all.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'd like to order takeout burritos for one person.
Okay, What would you like on this burrito?
I'd like a Carne Asada, Please.
One Carne Asada burrito Ok, Any other preferences?
I want some two sides. I'd like sour cream and black beans, Please.
One side of sour cream and one side of black beans, Got it. Anything else?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order a pizza for two people, please.
Hello, okay what kind of pizza?
Like to order an extra large pizza chicken tomatoes, jalapeños, pepperoni, sausage, please.
Okay. Hold, this will just be a second. Your orders are two large pizzas with chicken jalapenos, pepperoni, tomatoes.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah. I was wondering if you could help me order some takeout food.
Barbecue.
What kind of bbq?
Pork barbecue, Chopped pork, Sliced pork.
Slicked pork?
Sliced and chopped.
Well, yeah. I haven't placed my order yet. I need to get I'd like a one chop plate.
And then I need two barbecue sandwiches with no slaw on them and an order of hush puppies.
And I'd also like to get some tea. Does that come by the gallon?
Iced tea is bottled.
Okay. Three teas, then.
Sweetened or unsweetened?
Sweetened.
1 chopped plate, 1 sliced plate -2 bbq, sandwiches without slaw -an order of hush puppies -3 and sweetened iced teas.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'm looking for take-out food tonight, just for myself. I'm looking for Chinese food.
Do you need any drinks?
Do you want to place the previous order? Which was Shrimp fried rice and barber chicken, correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hey, I'm looking to buy some barbecue.
Could you get me two pulled pork sandwiches and a side of ribs?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yes, I'm looking for a takeout for myself. I'd like to order some soup, please.
Just chicken soup with extra chicken, carrots, tomatoes and, rice.
Just to confirm your order is Chicken soup with extra chicken, carrots, tomatoes and, rice.
And could I have a large water bottle, please?
One large water bottle added to your order.
How would you like your soup to be spicy or mild spicy?
Give me mild spicy. I don't want anything too hot.
Okay, your soup will be mildly spicy.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order breakfast burritos for takeout, please.
Just one person.
I would like one breakfast burrito with onions, green peppers, mushrooms and beef.
I would like some hot sauce, as well.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to takeout for myself, please. I'm looking for some poke food. Can you take down my order?
Can I get some octopus with kimchi, sesame seed oil, crust chili and sea salt, please with a large coke?
Yes. Octopus with sesame seed oil, crust chili and sea salt and a large coke.
An order of octopus with sesame seed oil, crust chili and sea salt and a large coke?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout for one person.
I'd like to order one bacon cheeseburger, and that's all.
One bacon cheeseburger.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order a breakfast burrito for one person, please.
One breakfast burrito, anything else?
Can it be a Carne Asada breakfast burrito, please?
One Carne Asada breakfast burrito.
And that'll be for takeout.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to reorder the same meal which I have ordered from Sarah's Pizza last weekend.
Looks like you had one large pizza with one-half pepperoni and one-half mushroom. Is that right?
Add one brownie.
One chocolate brownie. Sure, I've added that to the order.
Okay. Let me confirm what you have one large pizza with one-half pepperoni and one-half mushroom and one brownie.
Okay, your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello Assistant. I'd like to order some take out for three people and I'd like to order some hot dogs, please.
It's just some French fries, and I want all the hot dogs to have sauerkraut and mustard.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order a sandwich, for myself. A chicken sandwich, mayonnaise, tomatoes, lettuce.
Large coke, Please.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah, I'd like to place a takeout order for hot dogs.
Okay, take out for hot dogs, sounds good.
Okay, Do you have foot-long hot dogs?
Okay, let me get two foot-long hot dogs. One with mustard and chili and onions and one with just mustard and chili and I need two orders of fries with that.
2 foot long hot dogs one with mustard chili and onions and one with mustard and chili with 2 orders of fries, got it.
Okay and then I need an order of one regular hot dog with just ketchup only and a order of fries with that.
Yes, I need three drinks that are two cokes and one diet coke.
2 cokes and 1 diet coke, okay, sounds good.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I need to order takeout food for two people. And, I need to order some Greek food.
I can help you with your takeout order. What would you like from the Greek restaurant?
I need two gyros and two large Diet Cokes.
Okay, you would like to order two gyros and two large Diet Cokes. Anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'm looking to order some take out for my wife for dinner.
I think we'd like some kind of pasta.
We'd like to have mushroom ravioli and a salad that serves two.
I would like to order two dishes of mushroom ravioli and a warm salad that serves two.
Okay, ordering 2 mushroom ravioli plates and 2 salads?
It looks like that will be ready in about 35 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order a pizza for takeout.
Okay, any preferences for this pizza?
Sure. I'd like three large pizzas.
3 large pizzas okay what kind?
I'd like one to be mushroom and sausage.
One mushroom and sasauge.
One pepperoni and black olive.
One pepporoni and black olive.
And the third one, just plain cheese.
One plain cheese.
Yeah, could I also get two litre bottles of coke?
2 liter bottles of coke, got it.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order takeout for two people and I want it to be Indian food.
What would you like to order in Indian food for two people?
I'd like to order prawn coconut curry and a bowl of chicken curry with two 2 liter orange sodas and that's it.
Just to confirm, you would like to order prawn coconut curry and a bowl of chicken curry?
Would you like to add steamed rice?
Steamed rice added to the order. What kind of chicken curry would you prefer?
Would it be butter chicken or chicken tikka masala?
Butter chicken, please.
Okay, got it. Would you like to try the mango lassi or masala tea?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm looking to order Chinese food for two people.
We want two orders of chicken with broccoli fried rice and we'd like to add four egg rolls.
Any drinks with that?
Oh, yeah. Two Coca-Colas.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah. Can you help me place a takeout order for just me? I'd like some soup.
Yes I can what would you like to order in soup?
Yeah. Let me get a large bowl of vegetable soup. And can I get a large salad with that too? With no tomatoes and extra ranch dressing.
Just to confirm you would like to order a large bowl of vegetable soup and a salad with no tomatoes and extra ranch dressing.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need to order some pizza for takeout.
Let me check for you. This will just be a second. A small pizza is about 6 inches.
Do they have some kind of thick crust, like Chicago-style maybe?
Yeah. Do they have some kind of thick crust, like Chicago-style maybe?
Yes, a Chicago-style pizza is available. You got it, anything else?
How about a order some kind of bread sticks or cheesy bread?
Cheesy bread is available.
Delivery is about 30 to 45 minutes.
Thank you, enjoy your pizza.
I recommend the chicken masala.
Awesome side dishes, I recommend roti and chicken satay.
That sounds great, I'd like two orders of that, please.
Your order is chicken masala, roti and chicken satay.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today I need your help getting food for takeout. I'm looking to order the same thing I ordered last week from Larry's Grill.
Looks like you had two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both. Is that right?
Yes. That's correct. Now, I'm looking to add a salad with house dressing on it as well to that order.
A salad with house dressing. Sure. I've added that to the order.
Two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both and a salad with house dressing.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome. 20 minutes is good time for me. I'll be ready to pick it up and I'm glad you could help me today. Thank you.
You had 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans.
I'd like to add one salad with the house dressing.
A salad with house dressing?
1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa, 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans and one salad with house dressing.
Okay, your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Crepes Fantastic.
Sure, Let me bring that up. Looks like you had 1 turkey avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe.
Looks like you had 1 turkey avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe.
I would like to add one brownie to the order.
One chocolate brownie! Sure. I've added that to the order.
OK. Let me confirm what you have. 1 turkey avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe.
1 turkey avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe.
And one chocolate brownie. Is that right?
OK. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Your welcome. Goodbye.
Hi. I was looking to order Chinese takeout for two.
I would like two orders of sweet and sour chicken, four egg rolls, and two orders of salt and pepper shrimp, and that'll be it.
I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need to order soup for three people for takeout.
Yeah. I needed chicken noodle and minestrone.
Chicken noodle and minestrone soup and for the third order?
Oh, another minestrone.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need to get Italian takeout for three people.
Okay, take out for 3. What would you like to order?
Chicken Parmesan, cannelloni and ravioli.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, I need to order take out food. I want some pork please, for one person.
Would you like to add some ketchup and salt?
No, but I'd like to restrict the ingredients to tuna, soy sauce.
Sesame oil and chili peppers only.
Just to confirm one poke with tuna, soy sauce, sesame oil and chili peppers.
Would you like to have something to drink?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I wanted to order take-out.
I was thinking hot dogs.
Okay hot dog sounds good. How many? And what type of hot dog would you like?
I'm going to order six hot dogs total for three people. And I would like the first one to be plain with just ketchup and mustard. And the second one to have ketchup and relish. And then for the second person, the two hot dogs for him will be mustard and relish. And a chili cheese dog, so with chili and cheese on top of the hot dog. And then for the third person, I would like to have ketchup, mustard, relish and sauerkraut. And for the final hot dog, I would like to have barbecue sauce and relish and mustard.
Okay, this is what I have for person number 1, a plain hot dog with ketchup and mustard only second hot dog with ketchup and relish only, for the second person I have a hotdog with mustard and relish and their second hot dog would be a chili cheese dog, for the third person I have a hotdog with ketchup mustard relish and sauerkraut and for their second hot dog will be with barbecue sauce, relish and mustard.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need your help finding food for takeout for two people. I'm looking to get some Thai food.
Okay, you want to order some Thai food for two? what would you like to have?
I want to get two medium containers. I'm looking to get one of some vegetable larb and the other one is some vegetable tom yum.
Vegetable tom yum a medium container.
Okay, so you wanted one medium vegetable larb and one medium tom yum. Do you want any drinks?
No drinks.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, awesome. That's pretty much a good time for me. I'll be ready to pick it up. Thank you for your help today.
Hi, I wanted to order Mexican food for takeout.
You wish to order Mexican food for take out, Correct?
Okay. I just needed three taco plates.
Three taco plates.
Yeah. I just need a plate with three tacos and Spanish rice and beans.
Spanish rice.
What kind of beans?
A black beans, please.
Black beans. Got it. Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant, I'd like to takeout for three people, please, for some Thai food. Let me know when you are ready.
I'd like two orders of tom yum goong, three orders of pad Thai. Three orders of khao pad and three water bottles, please.
Three orders of khao pad and three water bottles, please.
Okay, I'll say it in English. Can I get two orders of spicy green papaya salad. Three orders of chicken and coconut soup. Three orders of fried rice and two orders of Thai-style fried noodles with three large water bottles. And that should be it.
Three orders of chicken and coconut soup.
Three orders of fried rice and two orders of Thai-style fried noodles with three large water bottles. And that should be it.
2 orders of spicy green papaya salad - 3 orders of chicken and coconut soup - 3 orders of fried rice - 2 orders of thai style noodles - 3 large waters.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I want to order pasta for two. I would like two dishes of chicken parmesan and two orders of garlic bread.
Pasta for 2 persons. 2 plates of chicken parmesan. Right?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I want to order takeout Greek food for one person.
Like one gyro platter, sauce on the side.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order for one person.
I would like to order one lasagna.
Only one order of lasagna?
Okay. I have your personal details in our file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I was wanting to order Indian take-out for one.
I think I'll get some one samosa, butter chicken and roti.
Just to confirm you would like to order one Samosa, Butter chicken and Roti. Is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need sandwiches for two people.
Can I get two Italian sandwiches with everything on them?
2 Italian sandwiches with everything.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I want to order a takeout pizza for one person.
I would like a small, deep dish, sausage and spinach pizza.
A small deep dish sausage and spinach pizza.
Ok, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order takeout food.
I was thinking Mexican food.
It'll just be for me, so I wanted a order of guacamole, and chips, and also two chicken enchiladas.
Ok. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Can I order food for takeout for three people, please?
Can I get a Chicago dog?
A corn dog and a regular all beef hot dog, please.
Is it Chicago dog, corn dog, and regular all beef hot dog?
Can I get a 2-L bottle of Pepsi, please?
Yes, was that for take out or dine in?
Takeout, please.
How about the Dapper Dog on 417 Castro Street, San Francisco.
Need to order takeout burritos for three people, please.
Okay, what kind of burritos?
First, bean and cheese. Number two, carne asada.
Number, three chicken. That's one of each of those.
One bean and cheese, one carne asada and one chicken burrito. Got it.
Yes, I'd like three sides: sour cream, black beans, yellow rice.
One side of sour cream, one black beans and last yellow rice added.
Okay,  I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Ari's Grill.
Looks like you had two burgers well done with everything on them and sweet potato fries with both burgers. Is that right?
Yes, that is correct. I would also like to order add on two iced teas to that order, please.
Two Iced Teas? Sure. I've added that to the order.
Okay. Let me confirm what you have, two burgers well done with everything on them and sweet potato fries with both burgers and 2 iced teas.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order takeout.
What would you like to order for takeout?
I want Indian food tonight.
I can help you to order Indian take-out food. How many people are you ordering for?
I want naan bread and whatever the chicken and rice special is.
This week, they have a butter chicken dinner special and vegetable potato special.
Oh, the butter chicken special sounds good. What else comes on it?
What would you like with your butter chicken dinner special?
Naan bread and a side salad.
For your takeout order, I have one butter chicken, they're special one non bread and one side salad. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order hot dogs for three people.
Hot dogs for three people?
Well, so on the hot dogs, I want one hot dog with just ketchup, one taco dog with lettuce, cheese, and tomatoes. And one hot dog with chili and coleslaw.
And one dog with lettuce, tomato, and cheese. And salsa on that one.
One hot dog with ketchup, one hot dog with coleslaw and a hot dog with lettuce, tomato, and cheese with salsa.
For the one with coleslaw, that one also needs to have chili.
Add chili on that colseslaw.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, today, I need your help finding a place to get takeout for two people. I'm looking to get a barbecue.
Okay BBQ for 2, what would you like to order?
I'm looking into ordering three, I believe, pulled pork. And also a small coleslaw.
Pulled pork and a small coleslaw, anything else?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I want to get take get takeout.
I want to get something for three people. I like the food type Poke.
And then I want to make sure that I get fries with it. Maybe fries and or rice.
Poki comes with rice.
Okay, cool. Could you make sure that there is a thing of broccoli with it?
And then I want a large Coke for me and then two small Sprites.
I order of poki with rice and broccoli with 2 sprites.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to order Indian food for two.
I can help you with your takeout order for Indian food. What would you like to order?
Can I get one serving of chicken tikka masala and one serving of punjabi lamb curry?
I have one order of chicken tikka masala and one order of punjabi lamb curry. Anything else?
Can I also get two servings of masala chai?
I will add two servings of masala chai, would you like to add anything else?
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I need to order takeout for three people. I'm looking to order some Greek food.
I have your details on file, your order will be ready for pick-up in and about 20 minutes, have a great day and bye.
I need to order three large beef gyros with lettuce and tomato on them and I need to get a side of ranch and shredded cheese for them.
So, your order is 3 large beef gyros with lettuce and tomatoes, and a side of ranch and shredded cheese, is that correct?
Yeah, I'd like to order hot dogs for takeout.
Two people.
What type of hot dog?
I'd like one extra large bacon cheese dog.
One regular dog with mustard ketchup and relish. And can I also get a side of French fries with a side of onion rings?
And can I also get a side of French fries with a side of onion rings?
Anything else? "OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes".
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes".
Hi. Can you help me order some takeout food for a couple of people?
I'd like some burritos. For the first order, I need a chicken burrito with rice and beans.
I'd also like some chips with guacamole and spicy salsa.
First order, a chicken burrito with rice and beans and second order spicy beef burrito with rice with a side of chips with guacamole and spicy salsa.
I don't really want a side of chips. I want a whole order enough for two people.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order takeout for three people.
I would like to order three tuna sandwiches.
3 tuna sandwiches.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order take out Greek food for three people, please.
What would you like to order in Greek food ?
Like one gyro platter sauce on the side and one serving of moussaka.
You would like to order one platter of euro, one serving moussaka and one serving of CTO.
And the last one should be pastitsio.
Sure. To best best of my ability p a s t i t s i o.
Pastitsio, got it.
You would like to order one platter of euro, one serving moussaka and one serving of Pastitsio.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today, I need your help getting food for takeout for one person. I believe, right now, I'm looking to get some Thai food.
Okay, I can help you with your takeout order. What would you like to order from the Thai restaurant?
I'm looking to get some a medium container of Thai-fried rice. I'm also looking to get some drunken noodles, a medium container of that, as well. And I'd like some duck sauce, and that's about it.
One medium container of Thai fried rice, Drunken Noodles and a side of duck sauce. Would you like to add a drink?
I'm pretty good with the drink.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, awesome. Well, I'll be ready to pick it up. Thank you for your help today.
I want to order takeout barbecue.
Take out BBQ okay, what would you like to order?
I would like pulled pork platter and a beef brisket platter.
Pulled pork platter and beef brisket platter, anything else?
I would like a pulled pork salad too.
Pulled pork salad okay, got it. Anything else?
Any drinks?
I would like a Pepsi.
One Pepsi, got it.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'm looking to order takeout for two people, and I need some breakfast burritos.
Okay, takeout for 2 breakfast burritos, sound good.
And I need them with egg, sausage, bacon, cheese.
A little bit of hot sauce on the side.
And can you please put sour cream, lettuce, tomato, and white cheese on the side, as well?
Egg sausage bacon cheese light hot sauce on the side with sour cream lettuce and tomato and light cheese on the side, do I have your order correct?
"Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi, I'd like to place a takeout order.
Yeah, I'd like to order some pasta. How about a large order of spaghetti and meatballs?
Yeah, I'd like to get a salad with that with ranch dressing and I'd also like a large Coke.
Your order, a portion of spaghetti with meatballs, salad with ranch dressing and a large Coke.
Could you help me order take out food?
I wanted Chinese for two people.
I do. Can I have one order of shrimp fried rice, one order of shrimplomain, two spring rolls and one order of General Tsao chicken?
Do you want any drinks with that?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I want to reorder my order from crepes fantastic last weekend.
Looks like you had 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe.
Yeah, that's right. And can I add a brownie too, please?
One chocolate brownie? Sure. I've added that to the order.
1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe and one brownie.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi assistant, I would like to order for two people, and I would like to order some burgers. Can you help me?
I would like to order burgers. Medium well, please.
Would you prefer beef or chicken burger?
Oh, Beef burgers, please.
So, just to confirm you would like both the burgers as beef burgers. Is that correct?
I would like french fries on the side and two Diet Cokes.
Would you prefer small or large french fries?
Large, please. I'm very hungry.
One large french fries added to the order.
You said, you wanted coke, Is that correct?
Yes, Diet coke, please.
Diet coke added to the order.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi. I want to do takeout for one person.
I can help you with your takeout order, What would you like to order?
I want to get burgers.
Okay and how would you like your burgers and what would you like on it?
Lettuce, Tomato, and add onions.
Would you like ketchup mustard or special sauce?
Special sauce.
Okay. I have a well-done burger with lettuce tomato onions and Special Sauce, Is there anything else you would like to add to order?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay. We would like three extra large breakfast burritos, extra sauce on the side, steak everything on it please and three large Cokes and that should be it.
Just to confirm, you would like to order 3 extra large breakfast burritos with extra salsa steak everything on it and 3 large cokes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I would like to order some barbecue.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout for two people.
I would like to order Barbecue.
BBQ. What would you like to order?
I would like two barbecue sandwiches.
2 BBQ sandwiches. Anything else?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order takeout for three people and I'd like to order some soup.
Soup.
For all three?
I'd like to get some cream of mushroom soup.
And some bread on the side.
Three orders of cream of mushroom soup, bread on the side. Does that complete your order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I wanted to order some Gyros for takeout.
Just for one person.
I would like to eat Gyros special dish.
Oh! Yeah. I'll just have a large Coke with that, too.
2 Gyros and a large coke, I got it.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to take out some food tonight like hot dogs.
I'd like to take out some food for one person.
Hot dogs.
Anything to go with your hot dogs?
Yeah, I like to have a side of chili and some cheese and a large Mountain Dew.
Okay, what would you like on your hot dog?
Chili and Cheese.
Okay, so I have one chili cheese hot dog with a side of chili and cheese and a Mountain Dew.
Okay, your order will be ready to pick up in about 15 minutes, enjoy your meal.
Hi, can you help me order some takeout food?
Okay, I'd like a large cheese burger with mayonnaise and ketchup and with a large order of fries. Do they have appetizers like cheese sticks?
Do they have cheese sticks?
Yes, would you like to order cheese sticks?
Yeah. Can I get them with ranch instead of marinara?
Order cheese sticks with marinara, a large cheeseburger with mayo and ketchup and large fries.
I'm sorry Ranch instead of marinara, got it.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'm looking to buy some poke. Is that how you pronounce it, poke? For two people. I'm looking to get some yellow fin tuna poke as well as some octopus poke. If it comes in different sizes, get a medium octopus and a large yellow fish. And if it doesn't come in sizes, then just get regular octopus and regular regular yellow fish. Make sure it comes with a soy sauce side.
Okay, Hold on just a second. So you wanted one large yellow fish poke bowl, one medium octopus poke Bowl. with soy sauce on the side. Is that correct?
I'm sorry. Could you get some water with that, as well? And then that's the entire order. Thank you so, so much.
Okay, I'll add the two bottles of water to your order. Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Enjoy your poke. Bye.
Hi, I'd like to reorder something from Casa Sanchez, please.
Hello. Okay, sure your last order from Casa Sanchez was 1 Market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with Refried beans.
Yeah, that's correct. I'd like to add one salad with house dressing, please.
Okay, sure thing one salad with house dressing. What sizes small, large or just the standard size?
Standard, please.
Great. When will it be ready for pick up?
Your order will be ready for pickup in about 20 minutes but, let me confirm what you got first okay.
So you got one Market burrito with black beans, spicy salsa and one chicken taco platter with Refried beans and also add a side salad to it with house dressing, is that correct?
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah, I need to get some takeout for two, hot dogs.
Okay, how would you like those hot dogs?
Okay. For the first order, I'd like two hot dogs with mustard, chili, onions and slaw, and a side of fries.
Yeah, I'd like to get a foot-long hot dog with mustard and chili and a side of fries for that one, too. And can I get a large order of onion rings to go with those orders, too?
Would you like any drinks for these two orders?
No, I don't need drinks. Thank you.
Two hot dogs with mustard chili onions and slaw, with a side of fries. And a foot long hot dog with mustard and chili with fries. And an extra order of onion rings. Does that complete your order?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I need to make a carry-out order for food.
Looking for a restaurant that serves poke.
Two.
I have no idea about poke but I just want additional poke salad two of them.
Got it. Any drinks or sides with that?
Yeah, two Cokes medium or bottles whichever.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order takeout for two people, please.
I like to order Indian food.
Okay, and what would you like to order? Can I get a bowl of shrimp curry? And a bowl of chicken curry, please. With a 2-L bottle of Sprite. NC. A bowl of plain rice and that's it.
One shrimp curry, and one chicken curry. A litre of sprite, and side bowl of rice. Is that correct?
Make that It's a 2-L Bottle Sprite.
My apologies, a 2 litre.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Enjoy your Indian food! Goodbye.
Hi. I want to order 2 beef burritos. No guacamole and onions salsa on the side, please.
Your order is 2 beef burritos. No guacamole and onions salsa on the side. Is it Right?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up within 20 minutes.
Hi. I am looking to get takeout for two people and I need a good Thai food place. Could you give me some suggestions?
I can help you with your take out, let me see what I can find.
I have found a few Thai restaurants nearby one of the restaurants has a special on pad thai today.
One order of pad thai for free with any other two orders or more.
Hello, I need to order takeout for two and I need to order some gyros.
Hi. Okay what kind of Gyros would you like?
I need to order four chicken gyros with onions, tomatoes, cheese, and if I could have some gyro sauce on the side. And I also need to order a large order of fries.
Okay, So that was for chicken Gyros with onion tomato and cheese. Gyro Sauce on the side. Is that correct?
4 chicken gyros.
Yes, chicken gyros. That was correct. Thank you.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order hot dogs for takeout.
Yeah, I'd like one giant bacon cheese dog. One large Chicago style dog with extra relish. And one jumbo New York dog. And can I also get three orders of waffle fries?
One large Chicago style dog with extra relish.
And one jumbo New York dog.
And can I also get three orders of waffle fries?
Let me repeat the order. So it's 1 chili cheese dog, one large Chicago-style dog extra relish, One jumbo New York dog and three waffle fries. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order Greek food takeout for one person.
I can help you with that. What would you like to order in Greek food?
I want gyros. And can I have a chicken gyro but can I also have a side of spinach spanakopita?
Just to confirm, you would like to order one chicken gyro and a side of spinach spanakopita. Is that correct?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to take out some pasta meals. Can you help with that?
Okay, which type of pasta would you like to order?
I'd like to have some spaghetti of two large portions for two people, and I'd like to have grated mozzarella cheese on top.
I'd like to have this is for two people, and I'd like to have grated mozzarella cheese on top.
Yes, I need a garlic bread and a fine red wine with large meatballs.
Yes, sure. 2 orders of spaghetti with large meatballs and cheese grated on top.
And a bottle of red wine also.
Sorry, I forgot about it. And a bottle of red wine.
And a side of garlic bread, lightly toasted.
Lightly toasted garlic bread to add.
And also Caesar's salad on the side.
Okay, got it. Caesar salad on the side will that complete your order. Is it right?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I want to order food for take out for three people and the type of food I'm looking for is Greek food.
I would like to order a Greek salad.
A gyro and souvlaki and three sodas.
A Greek salad, gyro, souvlaki and 3 sodas.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I would like to order barbecue as takeout for three.
I would like three barbecue pulled pork sandwiches and two full slabs of barbecue ribs. And that'll be it.
3 BBQ sandwiches and 2 BBQ full ribs.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Like to order some pasta for 2 people, please.
Okay, food for 2.
Yes. I'd like to order pasta.
Pasta sounds good, what would you like?
Chef's salad, large order, please.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to place a takeout order for three people.
Second dish is linguine with shrimp scampi. And the third and last one is spaghetti Carbonara.
We would like to add three house salads. And four drinks, two waters and one Coke.
Got it, I will add your house salads and drinks to the order. Anything else?
Okay, Can I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello Assistant, I'd like to order some breakfast burritos for three people.
I would like three breakfast burritos with ham and cheese and eggs in it, and hash brown potatoes on the side, and a large pot of coffee.
3 ham cheese and eggs, hash browns on the side and a large pot of coffee. Anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Great. I'll be there to pick it up.
Hi. I would like to order food for two people.
I can help you to order for two people. What would you like to eat?
I'd like to order a Beef Tongue Quesadilla, a Bean Avocado Burrito, two cans of Diet Coke. That would be all.
My first order was a Beef Tongue Quesadilla, a Bean Avocado Burrito, two cans of Diet Coke.
Okay, so to review your order I have one Beef Tongue Quesadilla, a Bean Avocado Burrito, two cans of Diet Coke, is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like assistance ordering takeout hot dogs for two people, please.
I'd like one chili cheese dog.
One dog with everything and one large order of fries.
One chili cheese dog, one hot dog with everything and one large fries.
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
I'd like to order takeout for three people, please.
I can help you with your order takeout. What would you like to eat?
Three hot dogs with fries. Everything on the hot dogs. And three larges Cokes, please.
To confirm your order, I have three hot dogs with everything with a 3 sides of fries and 3 large Cokes. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I was wondering if you could help me order some takeout.
I can help you order takeout. How many people will you be ordering for?
Just one person.
Okay. I'd like a foot-long hot dog with mayonnaise, mustard and chili. I'd also like an order or large fries with that. Can I get a large Coke?
Hold on just a second. To confirm your order, I have one foot long hotdog with mayonnaise, mustard and chili, one large fries and a large Coke. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I want to order takeout hot dogs for one.
What kind of hot dogs would you like to order?
I was thinking to order two Chicago-style hot dogs.
Just to confirm you would like to order to Chicago-style hot dogs. Is that correct?
Still, anything to drink?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Yeah, I was wondering could you help me order some Mexican takeout? Just for myself.
Mexican take out. Got it, what would you like to order?
I want some chips with cheese dip.
Chips and cheese dip got it, anything else?
Yeah, I'd like to get some chicken quesadillas.
Chicken quesadilla got it.
Okay. And then. Do you have some kind of taco salad?
Yes, taco shell salad.
Okay. Can I get that with no tomatoes?
No, tomatoes got it.
Ranch on the side.
And how about a order of fried ice cream?
Fried ice cream as well.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to place a takeout order for Chinese food.
You would like to place a take out order for Chinese food, right?
I just need one order. I need an order of almond boneless chicken with fried rice instead of white rice. And I'd like a egg drop soup with that, also.
One order of almond chicken with fried rice, large egg drop soup.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I need to order  barbecue food takeout for three people.
I think you said, you need to order BBQ food for three people?
I need to order three large pulled pork sandwiches.
3 pulled pork sandwiches?
What kind of bread, please?
White bread.
One white bread.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I would like to order some takeout for one person, some Thai food.
I'd also like to get a salad with that.
Any drinks with your order?
Yes, can I get a Diet Coke, large Diet Coke?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi there, I'm looking to order Greek takeout for three.
Okay Greek for three sounds good. What would you like?
I'd like two pork gyros, and one chicken gyro, and a 2 L of Mountain Dew, and that'll be it.
2 pork gyros and one chicken gryo and a 2 litre of Mountain Dew is that correct ?
Okay, can I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Thank you.
Hi. I want to do a takeout for three people, Chinese food.
I want three egg roll with pork-fried rice and a 2-L Pepsi.
Okay. One moment. 3 egg rolls with pork fried rice and a 2 Liter pepsi. Is that correct?
3 egg rolls with pork fried rice and a 2 Liter pepsi. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I want to order takeout Pasta for one person.
Like Lasagna with meat sauce and a side of two meatballs. I'd like two pieces of sourdough bread and finally, one Cannoli.
Lasagna with meat sauce, meatballs, sour dough bread, and one Canolli for dessert. Does that complete your order?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi. I wanted to order burgers for takeout.
You wish to order take out food?
Yeah, burgers. Yeah.
Burgers, yes?
Burgers, yes?Go ahead with your order.
Okay. I just want two cheeseburgers with just ketchup.
Two cheeseburgers with ketchup only
And then, I just want Yeah. And then I just need a coke, a large coke.
And a large coke. Is that all?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order some takeout food for three people, and I'd like to order some soup.
What kind of soup?
I'd like to order one clam chowder, one hot and sour soup, and for the third soup, I would like pea soup, please, with extra croutons.
One clam chowder, one hot and sour soup, and pea soup with extra croutons.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I would like to order some Chinese food.
Yeah, I'd like to get some spare ribs, chicken chowmein and two oats.
Any drinks with that?
For drinks, I'm going to do a take-out.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I need to place a reorder for Larry's Grill.
Looks like you had two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both.
Yep, that's correct. And I'd also like to add one salad with house dressing.
One salad with house dressing? Sure, I've added that to the order.
Okay, let me confirm what you have. Two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both.
Hi, I was looking for takeout.
I was going to order hot dogs.
Ok, hot dogs for how many?
It's going to be for three people.
On the first hot dog, I just want plain with ketchup and relish.
On the second hot dog, I would like mustard, relish, and sauerkraut.
And in the third one, I would like barbecue sauce.
One plain hot dog with ketchup and relish and one with mustard relish and sour kraut and one with BBQ sauce sour. Do I have your order correct?
"Ok, I have your  details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi, I'm looking to order some breakfast burritos for takeout.
Okay, breakfast burritos for how many?
Two people, please.
Okay, breakfast for two. What would you like on them?
We're just going to do the sausage and hash brown burritos.
Two sausage and hash brown burritos and anything else?
Could I get a side of sour cream?
And one side of sour cream, will that complete your order?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm trying to order food for takeout for one person, please.
I'm looking for Thai food, please.
What would you prefer in Thai food?
Do you have any Thai basil sauce with Thai rice noodles? And green curry. That'll be it.
Just to confirm Thai basil sauce with rice and green curry.
Would you like to add some meat to it?
I'll take Thai basil chicken. That's about it.
Would you like to have anything to drink?
2-liter bottles of Pepsi, please.
Two liter bottles of Pepsi has been added to the order.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order some Mexican food and burritos for two people.
2 burritos both with whole wheat tofu, sour cream guacamole, and cheese. Anything else?
Yeah, can I add some chips on the side and a couple of cokes?
Sure, chips and 2 cokes got it. Will that complete your order?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I wanted to order Thai food for one for takeout.
Well, pardon my butchering of the pronunciation of this, but how about some khanom Chin Nam ngiao, Khanom Chin Nam ya and some cow fat kai and that should be it for me.
Just to confirm you would like to order can Khanom Chin Nam ngiao, Khanom Chin Nam ya and some cow fat kai. Is that correct?
Okay, can I have your details on file? Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi there. I would like to order some Chinese takeout.
Hey, whats up. Chinese take-out sounds good.
Right. So, can I get three orders of sweet and sour pork, three orders of Wong Tong and three orders of chow mein and 6 spring rolls.
Ok. so, three orders of sweet and sour pork, three orders of Wong Tong and three orders of chow mein and 6 spring rolls.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Today, I need your help in planning food for takeout for two people. I'm looking into getting soup.
What kind of soup would you like to order?
I believe clam chowder. And also, one thing of tomato soup.
And two bottles of water and that would be it.
Okay, I have an order of clam chowder and tomato soup and two bottles of water. Anything else?
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today I need your help getting takeout food for two people. I'm looking to get some Italian food.
Well, I'm looking to get a medium tray of lasagna and another medium tray of rigatoni and that's it.
Medium tray of lasagna and a medium tray of rigatoni. Would you like anything else with that?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome. 20 minutes is pretty good timing for me. I'll be ready to pick it up. So, thank you.
Sounds good. Enjoy your dinner.
I'd like a carne asada burrito for takeout.
I'd like a carne asada burrito with extra sour cream and guacamole.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Good, I was looking to order some takeout, some pizza.
pizza for take-out sounds good.
Can I get two large pepperoni and bacon pizzas with light sauce?
Okay, so two large pepperoni and bacon pizzas with light sauce.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi there. I'm looking to order food to takeout for two people. I'd prefer Indian food.
Okay. Can I get two orders of chicken tikka masala?
Two orders of chicken tikka masala, anything else?
How about two orders of momo and two orders of samosa?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey, can I get two breakfast burritos from you?
Okay, can I get two classic black bean and avocado burritos and I want a side of extra of avocado with that?
Okay, may I know if you want any drinks with that?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant, I'd like to order some gyros for take out and three people are going to join me.
Well, I'd like to order four tray of sandwiches, four orders of French fries, and four cokes. Oh, and you know what? If they do, maybe a side of hams also, if they do have.
What sauce?
Taziki.
Got it. extra sauce.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'm looking to order gyros for two.
Okay. What type of gyros?
Vegetarian.
Two sodas.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I need to order some soup.
What kind of soup would you like to order?
I need to order a huge bowl or a large bowl of potato soup, and it needs to have bacon, cheese, and also some bits of steak on top of it.
Just to confirm, you would like to order large bowl of potato soup with bacon, cheese and, bits of steak on it.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today I need your help getting food for takeout for three people. I'm looking to get some Thai food.
Okay, I can help you order Thai food. Go ahead with your first order.
Okay. I'm looking to get a medium bowl of some pad Thai with some chicken, too.
I need a another medium bowl or container of Thai fried rice but with pork.
The third order, I'm looking to get a small container of Nam chim.
Alright so I have one medium chicken Pad Thai, one medium pork fried rice and one small Nam chim. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay. Awesome. 20 minutes is good timing. Thank you.
Hello, I'd like to order take out pizza for three people.
Take out pizza for three people, Sure thing.
I'd like one large pan-style sausage and mushroom and one small spinach and mushroom, also pan-style.
One large pan style sausage and mushroom, and one small pan style spinach and mushroom.
Yeah, I wanted a 2-L bottle of Coke Zero, please.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey. Can I get some soup?
Of course. What kind of soup?
Can I get two orders of gazpacho and one large order of gumbo?
2 people.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Is that all?
Can you give us some hot sauce packets?
I'd like to order pasta.
Pasta, what kind and for how many people?
I'd like Afredo and wants to be a big cheese tortellini.
One baked cheese tortellini.
Just to confirm, you would like to order one baked cheese tortellini and fettuccine alfredo pasta.
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order sandwiches for one.
I can help you with your order, what would you like on your sandwich?
Can I get one BLT on french bread with a side of potato chips with a Coke to drink?
Just to confirm, you would like one BLT on French bread with a side of potato chips and a coke to drink, is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order breakfast burritos for takeout for three people.
Three breakfast burritos for 3 people?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order Mexican takeout for three people.
Mexican take-out for three people you say?
Yes. I'd like ground beef enchiladas with chili on corn for one.
And then a beef and cheese chimichanga, chopped with chile con queso. And a burrito with chile con queso and refried beans.
Can I get three sangria swirls?
Yes, actually they do have sangria.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I wanted to order Mexican takeout for one.
What Mexican dish would u like?
I just wanted two beef, bean and cheese burritos with no lettuce or onions on them.
Okay, I'll order you two beef, bean and cheese burritos with no lettuce or onions.
Okay, your order will be ready in about 20 minutes for pick up.
Hi, I'd like to order Chinese food for three people.
Can I get a one dish of beef and broccoli with an egg roll and white rice?
One dish of beef and broccoli with an egg roll and white rice. A plate of Mogo with white rice and a shrimp special with fried rice.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to reorder my last meal from Casa Sanchez.
You had 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans.
I'd like to add two iced teas to the order.
2 iced teas?
Okay. Let me confirm what you have. 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans and 2 iced teas.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I need to order some burgers for two people.
Okay. For the first order, I'd like a just a regular cheeseburger with mustard, chili and onions, and an order of fries with that.
For the second order, I want a bacon cheeseburger with Swiss cheese on it, and lettuce and tomato and mayonnaise.
And I also need fries with that.
Any drinks with that?
Yeah. Can I get a large Diet Coke and a large regular Coke?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I would like to order takeout.
I can help you with your takeout order. What would you like to order?
Indian food.
It will be for three people.
And what would you like to order from the Indian restaurant?
Any of the specials. Maybe rice and naan bread.
It looks like the Indian restaurant has a special on tandoori chicken and green curry chicken.
Okay, and how many orders of rice and naan bread?
Three orders of rice and three orders of naan bread.
Okay. I have an order of tandoori chicken and green curry chicken, three orders of rice and naan bread. Anything else?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I ordered some takeout this past weekend and I want to reorder it tonight.
It was from Casa Sanchez.
One large Peperoni pizza and one 2 liter of sprite.
And I'd like to add a brownie to that.
No. Just a brownie.
One large peperoni pizza, one 2 liter of sprite, one brownie.
I'd like to takeout some Chinese food.
Three people. I like some Arancini, egg rolls and fried rice.
And some green tea.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order takeout for two people.
OK, Takeout for two, What are you in the mood for?
I was interested in Italian.
Italian food sounds good. What can I get you?
Can I have a shrimp with angel hair pasta? And can I have linguine with white clam sauce? And I'd also like a a side of bruschetta.
Shrimp with angel hair pasta with linguine with white clam sauce and a side of bruschetta will that complete your order.
OK, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Have a nice day thank you.
Two hot dogs, please, everything on it, extra relish, two large orders of fries, one order of mozzarella sticks, and two large Cokes, please.
Two hot dogs with everything on it, one order of mozzarella sticks, too large fries, and 2 large cokes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order Chinese takeout for one.
I'd like one serving of beef and broccoli with steamed rice and an egg roll.
I was just going to see if I could also have a Coke with that order.
I got it. One sec. One serving of broccoli beef with steamed rice ,egg rolls , and 1 coke. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Yeah, I'm looking to order food for takeout. Some breakfast burritos.
For two people, please.
Can you confirm the number of breakfast burritos?
Yeah, we'll just need two.
What kind of meat would you prefer?
Sausage, please.
Just to confirm, you would like to order two sausage breakfast burritos. Is that correct?
Just a side of salsa and that's going to be it.
Side of salsa, has been added to the order.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I need to order some Thai food takeout for three people.
I can help you with that. What would you like to order in Thai food? Anything else?
I need one more order Kai med ma muang. And I need to get a a salad with that one.
And I need to get a a salad with that one.
Any specific dressing for the salad?
Let me get ranch.
You would like to order pat krau pow lusad, One order of yam noodles with spicy beef salad and kai med mau main salad.
With ranch dressing?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order food for takeout for three people and the food I'm looking at is breakfast burritos.
You want three breakfast burritos?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi assistant. I'm looking to order some takeout food, and I'm interested in ordering some pizza.
I would like a large pizza with olives on one side, mushrooms on the other side, and green pepper on the entire pizza.
I need this for takeout.
I didn't know what the first kind of food was, but I know what pizza is.
Okay, I'm looking for a large pizza with mushrooms on one side, olive on the other side, and green pepper on the entire pizza.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'm a big fan of Greek food. I'd like to order some Greek food for three people.
And I would like to have three Pepsis and French Fries a side. That's all I want.
You said that you want to order rice pudding in Greek food with 3 Pepsis and a side order of french fries with ketchup.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Yeah, I was looking to order some soup for takeout.
I need to order for two people and I need two bowls of broccoli cheddar soup and a side of crackers.
2 bowls of broccolli cheddar with a side of crackers. Anything else?
Can I get two drinks too? Just water.
Water, got it.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Food for 2 people, One large pepperoni pizza - one 2 liter of sprite - one brownie - two iced teas.
Okay. Is this from Sarah's Pizza?
Okay. I'd like to order another brownie.
No, just that and the brownie in the order.
Food for 2 people: - one large pepperoni pizza - one 2 liter of sprite - two brownies - two iced teas.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order barbecue takeout for one, please.
I was thinking pulled pork sandwich and a half slab of ribs.
Just to confirm you would like to order pulled pork sandwich and half slab of ribs is that correct?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order food take away for two people.
Pizza.
What kind of pizza you would like to order?
Can I get one 16-inch extra large Meat Lover's pizza and a Supreme pizza? That'll be it.
One 16-inch extra large Meat Lover's pizza and one 16-inch extra large Supreme pizza. Does that sound right?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to takeout for three. We're looking for poke food.
I'd like to order Loco moco.
And poi for all three orders with extra sauce on the side.
Loco moco poi for all three orders with extra soy sauce, got it.
And three large cokes, please. That should be it for the order.
Three large cokes, got it.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey, could you help me order takeout for three people?
I'd like one order of LeQuint with white clam sauce.
One order of fried cheese lasagna.
And one order for shrimp pasta.
A shrimp LeQuint pasta. Can I also have an side order of Tiramisu soup?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I need to order food for three people and I'm looking to order some pasta.
Pasta for three. Is that for taking out?
Any side dishes?
A large order of garlic knots.
A large order of garlic knots and pasta for three?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. Today, I need help in finding food for takeout for two people. I'm looking for Thai food.
I can help with your pickup order.
What would you like to order from the Thai restaurant?
I'm looking to order a couple wraps. A fried chicken wrap with spicy peanut sauce would be great. And I'm also looking, I believe, for a Thai beef sandwich.
Okay, to confirm you would like to order a fried chicken wrap with peanut sauce and a Thai beef sandwich. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hello. I like to takeout some food.
Pizza.
Three people.
Yeah. And I like to have those full large pizzas, and pepeproni sausage.
Two sausage and one pepperoni and a vegetarian pizza.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I am looking for some hot dogs tonight. Ordering for two people.
Can you take orders to the nearest hot dog joint?
Okay. So, we want two chili dogs with low sodium. Could you request they do a low-sodium chili? And one lettuce dog.
Yeah, we'd like one large diet Dr Pepper.
And I don't know if they do this, but if they give sides of relish, please get a side of relish as well.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Alright, so two chili dogs with low sodium, a hot dog with lettuce, a lettuce dog, and a large diet Dr. Pepper and with a side of relish?
Looking for takeout for one person, please. Mexican food.
Looking for three steak tacos, everything on it, extra salsa on the side, please. And one large Coke.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. How are you? I'd like to order a pizza for takeout for three people.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant, I would like to order some takeout food for three people, and I would like to order some soup, please.
Okay. Takeout for 3. Sounds good.
I would like to order some minestrone soup for three people. I would like some crusty bread on the side, and I would like some cheese on the top of the soup. Nice and hot, please.
Minnestroni for 3 with crusty bread on the side with melted cheese on top of the soup. Anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Great! I'll be right there for my soup.
Yes, I'm looking for takeout for two people, please, for gyros.
Sure. how many gyros?
Two.
I'd like extra sour cream on side, extra tomatoes, please. And onions on the side as well. And two large cokes, please. Oh, I'm sorry, two orders of fries as well. Thank you.
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi. I'd like to order takeout for one person.
I would like one order of spaghetti and an order of breadsticks.
Spaghetti with breadsticks, you got it.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, could you help me with ordering takeout for three people?
Sandwiches.
What kind of sandwiches and any side orders?
Yes, I would like a one chicken caesar wrap.
And then can I also have three orders of potato chips on the side?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I need your help getting take out for two people. I'm looking to get some sandwiches.
Great. I'm looking to get two hoagies, two foot-long hoagies, one with ham and cheese and another sweet cherry, sweet teriyaki chicken. And that's it.
For two people.
Food for 2 persons: 2 foot long hoagies, one with ham and cheese club, one teriyaki chicken sandwich.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today I need help finding some food to eat for one person. I'm looking to eat some pasta.
What kind of pasta?
I'm looking to have a medium pan of baked Ziti and that's about it.
Just to confirm, You would like to order a medium pan of baked ziti pasta.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome. 20 minutes is perfect timing for me and I'll be ready to pick it up.
Hi. I'd like to place a takeout order for soup, and I'd appreciate it if you didn't hang up on me.
Takeout order.
Okay what kind of soup would you like?
I need three orders. First order, I need a large bowl of vegetable beef soup.
For the second order, I need a large bowl of chicken noodle soup.
And for the third order, I need a small bowl of French onion soup.
Okay here's what I have one large bowl of vegetable beef soup, one large bowl of chicken noodle soup and one small bowl of french onion soup. Anything else?
Yeah. I need to get three drinks. Do you have tea, sweetened tea? If you do, three large sweet teas.
I will add three large sweet teas to your order.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I would like to order food for takeout. I would like to get some soup. Can you help me with that?
Tomato soup with crackers.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order takeout for two people, please.
I want Thai food, so I want to see Masami Beef and basil stir fry with a side of spring rolls, please. And that's about it.
Sure. Any drinks with that?
A 2-L bottle of Pepsi, please.
Got it. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order barbecue food for takeout for myself and my wife.
I'd like to order two dishes of barbecue chicken.
Hello. I can help with your order takeout. Go ahead with the first order.
Yeah, the main dish will be barbecued chicken.
Okay. I am going to get French fries and collard greens on the side of each dish.
Okay, so that's two orders of BBQ chicken with french fries and collard greens on the side. Is that correct?
I have your details on file and your order will be ready for pickup in 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to repeat my last takeout order from Sarah's Pizza.
Looks like you had 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom.
I'd like to add two iced teas to the order, please.
2 iced teas, sure. I've added that to the order.
1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom and 2 iced teas.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today, I need your help to order food for takeout for three people. I'd like to order soup.
I'm looking to get two large tomato soups and one medium clam chowder.
2 large tomato soups and 1 medium clam chowder. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Great. I'll be waiting for 20 minutes and I'll go and pick it up. Thank you for your help today with this.
I would like to order hot dogs for takeout.
I would like three hot dogs with mustard and relish.
Okay, so I have your order for three hot dogs with mustard and relish, is that correct.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I wanted to order takeout food.
I'm interested in getting Indian food for two people.
Yeah, can I have one order of samosas and one order of chicken tikka masala?
And one order of tandoori chicken.
An order of samosas, one order of chicken tikka Masala and order of tandoori chicken. Anything else?
Ok, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
No problem, enjoy your dinner!
Hello. I need to order take-out food for three people, and I need to order some soup. Can you help me with that?
I need to order one large bowl of New England clam chowder, one large bowl of potato soup, and then I need one large bowl of veggie noodle.
1 large bowl of new England clam chowder, one bowl of veggie noodle, and another bowl of potato soup. Would that complete your order?
Okay. I have your personal details in my file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, Yes, I like to takeout for three people, please.
Okay. Take out for 3 people.
I'd like to order some pasta.
Pasta.
Yes, give me three orders of Ravioli, Italian bread on the side for all three, and three large Sprites.
Three orders of Ravioli with Italian bread.
And give me some mozzarella sticks, please. Two orders should be good enough for mozzarella sticks for all three of us, two orders though.
Mozzarella sticks.
The order is Pasta, Ravioli, and Italian Bread.
Hello, I need to order takeout food. I'm looking for Indian food.
I need Indian food.
Indian, got it.
I need to order of curry, rice and then possibly a large drink.
Okay, so I got curry and a side order of rice and possibly a large order of a drink.
Do you know exactly what you would like to drink it all down with?
A Coke Zero would be really good.
Coke Zero, sure thing. They have a new improved taste too.
Ok, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm looking to order takeout for myself and three of my friends. We would like to order a Mexican food and we are all really excited about this Quesadilla. So, we would love to get four main courses of Quesadillas, and two orders of salsa and chips and that should work for us. We have the drinks at home, thank you.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order takeout for three people.
I would like to order three breakfast burritos.
3 breakfast burrito.
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi. I want to order the same thing that I got last week from Crepe's fantastic.
It looks like you had one turkey avocado crepe with cheddar and one Greek delight crepe, is that correct?
Can I add two iced teas to that order?
To confirm, your order is 1 turkey avocado crepe with cheddar and one Greek delight crepe and also two iced teas on the side.
Okay, your order will be ready for pickup in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order Thai food for three people.
I'd like to take one chicken with cashew nuts, one Pad Thai with only sugar and ground peanuts and one Som Tam.
Your order is chicken with cashew nuts, Pad Thai with sugar and ground peanuts.
Som Tam spicy green papaya salad.
Your order is chicken with cashew nuts, Pad Thai with sugar and ground peanuts and Som Tam spicy green papaya salad.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order the same meal from crêpe's fantastic that I ordered last weekend.
You had 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe.
That is correct. I would like to add one salad to that order with house dressing.
Salad with house dressing. Sure. I've added that to the order.
1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe with a salad with house dressing.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today I need your help getting food for one person. I'm interested in buying some pizza.
Pizza. What size?
I'd like a medium buffalo chicken pizza.
Just to confirm you, would like to order a medium sized buffalo chicken pizza.
Anything to drink?
Nothing to drink. I'm fine with that.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay. 20 minutes is good timing for me. I'll be ready to pick it up. Thank you.
Yes. I'm looking to order Chinese food for me and my two friends.
Yes. I'd like to get kung pao chicken, The spicy one.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay. Could I also add some black mushrooms and bamboo bamboo shoots?
Great. And one last thing, Could I just have vegetable lo mein?
And can you make sure they put soy sauce in the bag?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
One order of rigatoni with vodka.
I'm sorry. It's spicy rigatoni vodka.
Hey. Can I get one order of linguini?
Can you make the spicy rigatoni vodka a large? Does it come in sizes, or is that all just sort of one?
Those dishes come in one size only.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Oh, yeah, a little bit of salmon.
Okay, a chicken po-ki with rice and guacamole, tomatoes and a little bit of salmon.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yes, I'd like to get some burgers. I'd like to have a large cheeseburger covered in onions with mustard.
That's all I want, a large cheeseburger with mustard and covered in onions. Can you help me with that?
A large burger covered in onions with mustard.
8.99$.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Sorry. I had to step away for a few minutes there. Now, I want to finish my order. I'm ordering for two people, like I was saying. One Each both hotdogs with relish on it. And, we also would like a side of fries each. And we'd each like two Pepsi's. And, that would be all.
Just let me know when it would be ready for pickup. Two hotdogs, two Pepsi's, and two small fries.
Two hotdogs, two Pepsi's, and two small fries.
Just to confirm you would like to order two hot dogs with relish , 2 small fries and 2 pepsis.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need the order take out.
I want it for two.
Let me get some barbeque.
Bbq chicken?
Let me get a six pack or six wings of barbecue.
And then let me get a side of coleslaw.
And then let me get a side of macaroni and cheese.
M&M, also give me a pack of six biscuits.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to bring up my last order to Casa Sanchez. I like to reorder. Can I have that again?
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with re-fried beans. Is that right?
Yep. That's it. Okay. Thank you. And I also like to add two iced teas.
2 iced teas? Sure. I've added that to the order. Anything else?
Ok. Let me confirm what you have: 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans and 2 ices teas.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pickup in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I want to place an order of burritos for two people.
I would like a Bean cheese burrito, a Mission burrito with ketchup. And for my partner, a Carne asada burrito.
A bean cheese burrito and a Carne asada burrito.
Also, a Mission burrito with ketchup.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, Are all burritos comes in one size or do they come in different sizes?
They come in small or large size.
Cool. Can I get a large Bean cheese burrito and also large for the Mission burrito. I want small for Carne asada.
I would like to order takeout for three people.
I would like three orders of General Tso chicken.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Goodbye.
Hi, I need to order takeout for two people, please.
I'd like to order pork.
2 orders of pork?
Yes, can I have one Wasabi Pork bowl and an Aloha Poke bowl?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to takeout some food.
I'd like to take out some food, I need some breakfast burritos.
I said I like to take out breakfast, I like to take out some breakfast at burritos.
Yeah, I'd like to order three breakfast burritos for two people and some hot coffee for me and that's it.
How many coffees would you like?
Two coffees and two orange juices.
And I'd like to have some apple juice, one order of apple juice.
And a biscuit.
Hold on, please wait for a while. To confirm your order, I have three breakfast burritos, two coffees, two orange juices, 1 apple juice. Is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout for one person.
What would you like to order for takeout?
I would like to order one chicken quesadilla.
Just to confirm you would like to order one chicken quesadilla?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order two hot dogs.
Ketchup, tomato, pickle, mustard, pepper on them.
Two large orders of fries and two large Sprites, please.
Two hot dogs with everything on it, ketchup tomatoes and pickles with mustard and pepper as well two large order of fries and two large Sprites.
I would like to order sandwiches for take out, please?
I can help you with that, sandwiches. What kind and for how many people?
I'm going to be order sandwiches for two people. The first sandwich I want is a salami sandwich with mustard.
The second sandwich I want is a ham sandwich with mayonnaise.
Just to confirm, you would like to order two sandwiches?
Which is first a salami sandwich with mustard, second ham sandwich with mayonnaise?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hello. I'm here with my two wives and we are looking to buy something for dinner.
We all really love Chinese food. So, we would like four orders of shrimp toast, four spring rolls, and rice.
Make it a medium, more of rice.
And could you make sure we get soy sauce with that?
Chinese food 4 orders of shrimp toast, 4 spring rolls and a medium rice. With extra soy sauce on the side. Is that right?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today, I need your help ordering food for takeout. I'm looking to order the same thing I ordered from Casa Sanchez.
Looks like you had 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans.
Yep, that's correct. And I'd like to add one brownie to that order.
A chocolate brownie? Sure. I've added that to the order.
Okay. Let me confirm your order, you have 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with re-fried beans and one brownie.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome, 20 minutes is good timing for me. I'll be picking it up. Thank you for your help today.
Hi. I'd like to order hot dogs for take out.
With mustard, ketchup, pickles, onions. And also, an order of fries.
One foot long with mustard, ketchup, pickles, onions and a side of fries.
Will that complete your order? Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant. I'm looking to get some takeout food for three people and I'm looking for barbecue food.
What kind of barbecue food you are looking for this evening?
I would love some barbecue chicken with a side of mashed potatoes and maybe like vegetables, also, on the side.
Okay, so some barbecue chicken with a side of mashed potatoes and maybe a little bit of vegetables on the side, anything else you want to add?
Yes, please. I would love a cherry cola.
Cherry cola, alright. You got it. For all three drinks?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I need to order takeout for one person. I need some gyros.
Okay, 1 order of gyros.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order of two soups. One is tomato basil and the other is chicken noodles. And, I would like to add 2 Caesar salads and some bread sticks.
Okay, one tomato basil and the other a chicken noodles with 2 Ceasar salads and a order of bread sticks on the side. Is there anything else?
Yes, can you add 2 cokes?
Yes, 2 cokes have been added to your order. That's it?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey. Can I get some barbecue?
Can I get two pulled pork sandwiches and one order of St. Louis-style ribs?
Two pulled pork sandwiches and one order of St Louis style ribs, got it.
Did the pulled pork sandwiches come in sizes, or is it just like a standard pulled pork sandwich?
Standard size.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey there, I am looking for a place to get takeout food, Barbecue takeout food for two.
Okay, you got it BBQ food for 2 people?
Yep. I'm looking for fried chicken, barbecue chicken.
Fried chicken or Barbecue chicken or Do you want both?
So, as for sides, you know, the usual stuff, mashed potatoes and gravy, collared greens, maybe side of French fries. That would be perfect.
The mashed potatoes, gravy collard greens and maybe even a side of french fries. Is this all correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need help taking ordering food for takeout for one person, please.
Just one person?
Sandwiches.
What type of sandwiches?
Can I get a meatball marinara, please?
So, just 1 meatball marinara sandwich. Anything else?
Yes. Can I get a side of some potato chips, please.
So, that will be one meatball marinara sandwich with a side of potato chips?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need help in finding food to order for three people, and I'm looking for burgers to eat.
I'm hoping to get two double cheeseburgers with extra pickles and one large chicken sandwich, as well. And a 2 Litre of Coca-Cola, and that would be it.
Okay, I got it. You want two double cheeseburgers with extra pickles and one large chicken sandwich and a 2 L of Coke. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order Italian for three people.
I'd like one serving of British crab spaghetti.
One serving of gnocchi sorrentina.
And one serving of lemony courgette linguine.
Your order one serving of British crab spaghetti, one serving of gnocchi Sorrentina and one serving of lemony courgette linguine.
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I Need to order some food for two people, some takeout.
Charlotte, North Carolina.
Would you like a vegetarian option?
No, I don't need a vegetarian option. I'm just looking for some pasta to takeout.
I have Fazoli's Mimmo's Pizza and Pasta, Cafe Pasta.
Okay, I'll go with Fazoli's Mimmo's Pizza, that's all I want to know, thank you, bye.
I'd like to have one roast beef and white cheddar panini.
And one bag of baked chips and one brownie. That completes my order.
One roast beef and white cheddar panini, one bag of baked chips and one chocolate brownie.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, could you help me with ordering take out?
It's just for me. So, could I have an order of shrimp arrabbiata pasta along with a side of garlic bread?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I would like to order food for takeout for two people. The kind of food I'm looking for is soup. I'd like to order a lentil soup and a clam chowder soup.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to get some takeout food for two people.
Italian.
I'd like two Italian salads and some linguine with an order of white wine.
Two Italian salads, one order of Linguine and an order of White Wine. Is that all for tonight?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Enjoy your Italian dinner. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking to take out some breakfast burritos.
3 people.
So, will that be three breakfast burritos?
Yes, can you make that hot sausage, spicy sausage and green peppers?
No, that's it and maybe three hot coffees.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Okay, thank you very much. I need three hot coffees with that if that is possible.
Can you help me to order sandwiches for two people?
Okay. I'd like one to be on white bread with Turkey, Cranberry Sauce and Turkey Gravy.
And the second one to be a Caprese with Mozzarella, Roma tomato, Basil and Balsamic.
Yes, a Caprese with fresh Mozzarella, Tomato, Basil and Balsamic.
Two lemonades.
To confirm your order. I have one Turkey with Cranberry Sauce and Turkey Gravy on white Bread, the second order is a Caprese with Mozzarella, Tomato, Basil and Balsamic with two lemonades. Anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi there. I want to order some Mexican food for takeout.
Mexican food got it. What would you like to order?
Like two steak tacos with sour cream.
Two steak tacos with sour cream got it. Anything else?
Two cheese enchiladas with sour cream.
Two cheese enchiladas with sour cream got it. Anything else?
I would like refried beans for two people.
2 sides of refried beans.
And two sides of yellow rice, Please.
2 sides of yellow rice got it. Anything else?
OK, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need help ordering takeout pasta for two people, please.
I'd like one lasagna with meat sauce and a side of two meatballs, one vegetable lasagna, four pieces of sourdough bread and, two cannoli's, which completes my order.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi assistant. I would like to order some pasta, please, for one person for takeout. Can you help me?
I can help you with your takeout order. What kind of pasta would you like?
I would like linguini with white clam sauce, and a side order of broccoli and parmesan cheese on that, and also a salad.
Okay here's what I have, linguine with white clam sauce a side order of broccoli with Parmesan cheese and a salad. What type of dressing would you like with your salad?
I would like ranch, please.
I will be sure, they have Ranch for your salad. Anything else?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order Mexican for two.
I can help with that. What would you like to order in Mexican Cuisine?
Can I please get one order of stuffed chicken medallions and pork tenderloin abracadabra?
Can I get two iced teas?
Just to confirm, you would like to order one order of stuffed chicken medallions and one order of pork tenderloin abracadabra along with 2 iced teas?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order takeout for three people, please.
Extra large supreme pizza, please.
Cheesy breadsticks.
And a 2 litres bottle of orange soda. And that's about it.
1 extra large supreme pizza, cheesy bread sticks and a 2 litres bottle of orange soda, is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to get three Burritos Grande for takeout.
Three Grande Burritos for takeout, Right?
Yeah, I'd like the first one to be pork, Mild.
And the second one to be of beef, Mild and the third carne asada, Spicy.
Yeah, Let me get a large side of Guacamole.
And Guacamole too, Right?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order food for one person?
I would like to like to order food for one person?
Euros for one person. What kind?
Yes. The regular lamb gyro, but I don't want any tomatoes on it and extra Tzatziki sauce.
Can I get some fries with that?
Just to confirm, you wanted regular lamb gyro with extra Tzatziki sauce and no tomatoes. Also a side of fries.
Yes, And can I get a diet coke with that, too?
Diet coke added to the order.
You wanted regular lamb gyro with extra Tzatziki sauce and no tomatoes. Also a side of fries and diet coke?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to take out some Italian food.
What would you like to order in Italian food and for how many people?
Just get me some spaghetti for one person with some garlic toast and some Coca-Cola.
Okay, just to confirm. You would like to order one spaghetti with garlic toast and a Coca-Cola, is that correct?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order some food for takeout for one person.
Sure, you want to order some take out for one person?
Yes, some burgers, please.
Burgers, Sure.
A mushroom burger with pickles/lettuce/tomatoes, a side of french fries and a diet coke.
And, can I get an apple pie for dessert?
Apple pie for dessert?
Your total is $20.
I'll pick it up soon. When is it ready for pickup?
The food is ready in approximately 30 minutes.
Hey, I'm looking to get some sandwiches.
Just one.
Can I get two Reubens, two BLTs with medium water?
Do you want ice water?
Can I get extra pickles on the one BLT?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I was wondering if you can help me make a take-out order.
I need gyros for three people. My first order is lamb gyro with tzatziki sauce with fries.
That's the tzatziki sauce.
For the second order, I need just a beef gyro with an order of chips with that one.
Another beef roll, but this one with fries. And let me get three large cokes with that, too.
One lamb gyro with tzatziki sauce with fries, 2 beef gyros with chip and fries and 3 large cokes?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order takeout.
I'm looking food just for me. And I want pasta.
Pasta.
Yes, I have 2 pasta orders.
2 meatball pastas and a coke.
Okay. Could you add garlic bread to that order?
Food for 1 persons: 2 meatball pastas, one large coke, one garlic bread.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Perfect. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I want to order pasta takeout for one person.
I think I was going to order a plate of chicken alfredo with extra alfredo sauce and some garlic bread and how about a 2-liters of Pepsi? And that will be it.
One order of chicken Alfredo with extra Alfredo sauce, garlic bread and a 2-liters of Pepsi. Does that sound correct?
Hi, I would like help ordering takeout food for three people.
Okay, takeout for 3.
I would like to order Mexican food.
Okay, what kind of Mexican food?
I would like to order six tacos.
6 tacos, okay. Anything else?
Just 6 tacos.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I was wondering if you could help me in ordering some takeout food.
I wanted to order three barbecue.
Okay, For the first order, I'd like two barbecue sandwiches with no coleslaw on them and an order of fries. For my second order, I'd like a chopped barbecue plate. And for my third order, I'd like a sliced barbecue plate.
Yeah, I'd like to get a extra order of large hush puppies.
Yeah, I'd also like to get some iced tea. How does that come? Does that come in gallons, or do I have to order individually?
Tea comes bottled.
Okay, then let me get three teas.
Would you like your iced tea sweetened?
2 barbecue sandwiches without coleslaw with order of fries and chopped barbecue plate and sliced barbecue plate and 3 sweetened iced teas.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'm looking to order takeout food for one person and I'm looking to order some hot dogs.
I can help you with your order for hot dogs, what would you like on your hot dogs?
I need chili, cheese, ketchup, mustard. And then can I get onion and relish on the side?
Okay, have one hot dog with chili cheese and mustard relish and onions on the side.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need to place order for some great food for three people.
I can help you with that. What would you like to order in Greek food?
For the first one I need some Masaka.
I made a order of chicken masala also with the house salad with coleslaw dressing.
I'm here for the last order, I need the order of chicken kababs near Dawn. Let me get the three orders of bag they're buying there to you.
I wanted a order of chicken kebabs and then three orders of buckle bar  for one for each one.
You would like to order the following. Chicken Masala with house salad and house dressing.
Chicken masala with house salad and house dressing.
And chicken kababs, 3 order of Baklava. Is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to find a place to takeout order for two people at a good burger place.
Okay, what kind of burger?
I need two cheeseburgers. One with pickles, lettuce, onion and cheese. The other one with just mustard, ketchup and cheese.
One burger with with onion, lettuce, cheese and one burger one with just mustard, ketchup and cheese.
Yes. And can I get a two orders of french fries and two cokes?
2 orders of fries and cokes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order some Mexican food.
I'd like to have a taco and enchilada salad, five enchiladas and fried rice.
That'll be it. Add one Pepsi to it.
Just one person.
Alright, great. You got it. Taco salad with 5 enchiladas and fried rice?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah, reorder some food. Sarah's Pizza, I guess.
Sarah's Pizza. Sure, let me bring that up.
Looks like you had 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom.
I'd like to add a brownie to the order, please.
One chocolate brownie? Sure. I've added that to the order. Anything else?
Okay, Let me confirm what you have: 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom and brownie.
Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order food for take-out for two people, the type of food I'm looking at is soup.
Soup, What kind?
I'd like to order a clam chowder soup, a chicken noodle soup, and a side of grilled cheese sandwich.
Let me confirm your order. You would like to order one clam chowder soup; chicken noodle soup and the side of grilled cheese sandwich?
Yes, grilled cheese sandwich.
"Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hello Assistant, I'd like to order some takeout food for three people.
I'd like to order some breakfast burritos.
Okay, what kind of burritos did you want? Could you repeat that please?
And it should have hash browns on the side.
I want to order takeout.
I'm going to need it for two people.
I want to get some Thai food.
So, let me get some of the noodle special.
And then let me get the chicken sauce with the noodles.
Any drinks or sides with that?
Let me get a Coke.
"Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hello. I need to order for three people and I need to order some breakfast burritos.
I need three large bacon, egg, and cheese breakfast burritos with a side of guacamole sour cream and hot salsa.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi. I would like to order Italian food for take out, please.
One person.
I would like one large order of spaghetti with a side of Parmesan.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order some Tikka pizza.
One person.
Yeah, I want to have mushrooms and beef.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey. I want to get some barbecue.
For me and my girlfriend.
And what would you and your girlfriend like?
We could get some dressed ribs and some naked ribs.
Full racks or half racks?
Full racks.
No sides. Make sure the dressed ribs are dressed with Piedmont sauce.
A order of Dressed ribs with piedmont sauce, and an order of naked ribs. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hey, I need to order a couple of burgers.
Okay, so I need to have two bacon blue cheese burgers. With mayo, onions, and fries.
Two bacon blue cheese burgers with mayo onions and fries and do you want anything to drink?
Okay. Yeah, Some Coke or Pepsi.
Some Coke or Pepsi? Sure thing. You got it. Is this all correct?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'm looking to order takeout food for three people. I'm looking for Mexican food.
What would you like to order in Mexican food?
I need three large beef burritos with just cheese and sour cream, and I need to order three large Diet Cokes.
So just to confirm you would like to order three large beef burritos with cheese and sour cream and 3 diet cokes. Is that correct?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I would like to order food for takeout for two people. The type of food I'm looking at is sandwiches.
I would like to order a grilled Habanero grill cheese sandwich, a turkey pastrami sandwich, a shrimp Po'boy sandwich.
And two cans of 12-oz Diet Mountain Dew.
A grill Habanero grill cheese sandwich, a turkey sandwich, shrimp Po'boy sandwich with 2 cans of Diet Mountain Dew.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yes. I was looking to order Thai food. Roast duck curry for the entree.
Roast duck curry for the entree and side of jasmine rice.
Yeah, could I get a side of jasmine rice?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order barbecue takeout for one.
Okay, one BBQ take out.
Yes. Can I get a chopped barbecue sandwich with slaw and pickle? And then a side of smoked wings and a side of baked beans.
A side of baked beans.
One BBQ sandwich with a side coleslaw, barbecue wings and a side of baked beans.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey, do you remember last weekend when I got food from Sarah's Pizza?
Food for 2 people one large pepperoni pizza, one 2 liter of sprite, two brownies and two iced teas.
Can I also add two iced teas to that?
Food for 2 people one large pepperoni pizza, one 2-liters of sprite, two brownies and four iced teas.
No, that's good. When will it be ready for pick-up?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'm looking to order some food and I'm looking for some burgers to order.
Alright, cool, you got it, Burgers to eat for dinner.
Particular, I'm looking for two bacon cheeseburgers. Lettuce, tomato, pickle, onion on them, and ketchup, mustard, with a large order of Cajun fries on the side. And I need two large drinks. One a Pepsi and then the other a Mountain Dew.
Two bacon cheeseburgers, lettuce, tomato pickle, onion and ketchup, mustard with a large order of Cajun fries on the side and you need to large drinks one Pepsi and another order of mountain dew.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Yeah, I'd like to place an order for takeout.
Two.
Yes, pasta.
What type of pasta?
Yeah, for the first order, I'd like to get a chicken fettuccine.
For the same order, I'd like to order lasagna. With some extra garlic bread.
So one chicken fettuccine and one order of lasagna with an extra side of garlic?
I'd also like to get two salads with ranch dressing, and no tomatoes on one of them.
So an extra side of garlic bread and two salads, one without dressing. Is that correct?
No. Both with ranch dressing. One without tomatoes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need help in ordering takeout for three people, please.
I can help you with take over, what would you like?
I would like pizza.
Pizza sounds good, what would you like on your pizza or pizzas?
For one pizza, Can I get a meat lover's pizza with bacon, sausage, And pepperoni? Another pizza, Can I get a cheese pizza? And for the third pizza, Can I get pineapple, Ham, And Bacon?
Okay, This is what I have. One pizza meat lovers Style with bacon sausage and pepperoni, One cheese pizza and for the third Pizza you would like pineapple ham and bacon. Would you like to add anything to drink?
A 2 liter of Coke, Please.
I will add a 2 liter of Coke to your order, Anything else?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Enjoy your pizzas. Good bye.
Hello, I was wondering if you could help me make a takeout order. I'd like some soup.
What kind of soup would you prefer?
I'd like a large bowl of chicken noodle soup, and I'd also like to get a salad with that. No tomatoes, with ranch dressing.
Just to confirm your order would be chicken noodle soup, salad with no tomatoes with ranch dressing.
Do you have Coke or Pepsi?
Currently we have Coke.
Okay. How about a Diet Coke?
1 diet coke added to the order.
Would you like your soup to be spicy or mild spicy.
Spicy is good.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, Assistant I'd like to order some poke food.
I guess, I'm going to order some boerewors.
Just a moment. I would like a fish ball with rock fish salad and maybe a Hawaiian style paw-paw as well.
One raw fish salad, a Hawaii style poke bowl, anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'm going to get something to eat for my husband and we are looking for some Mexican food. Can you help me?
I can help you with your order. What would you like to order in Mexican food?
Two shrimp fajita and one nachos fajita. And make the nachos fajita chicken, not beef.
Can you make sure the shrimp is not deveined by default? Can you ask that the shrimp be deveined for the two shrimp they heat us?
You would like to order two devein shrimp fajitas and chicken nachos fajita, is that correct?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah. I'd like to order some barbecues for takeout?
What kind of bbq?
Let me get a full rack of beef ribs and A large side of macaroni and cheese and a small side of coleslaw.
A large side of macaroni and cheese.
And a small side of coleslaw.
Yeah. Can I also get a small side of extra sauce?
Sure. So your order is a full rack of beef ribs, large side of mac n cheese, a small side of coleslaw, a small side of extra sauce, is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I would like some help ordering takeout for sandwiches for one person.
I'd like one roast beef and white cheddar panini, please.
I'd also like a bag of chips and a brownie. And that completes my order.
One roast beef and white cheddar panini one bag of chips and a brownie got it.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order takeout soup for two people, please.
Soup, what kind?
Like one large broccoli cheddar and one large chicken noodles, please.
Just to confirm, you would like to order 2 soups.
One large broccoli cheddar.
And second one large chicken noodles soup.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Can you help us order gyros?
Alright, four gyros in total.
Okay. Can you make one of the gyros chicken and the rest pork?
So, one chicken gyro and three pork gyros.
Would you like anything to drink?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
3 people, 4 gyros, 1 chicken and 3 pork?
Actually, can you make one of the pork gyros with no cheese?
One of the pork gyros with no cheese.
1 pork gyro with no cheese?
Hi, I need to place an order for takeout.
Three people for breakfast burritos.
Okay, I'd like one bean, egg and cheese burrito.
I'd like one breakfast quesadilla.
And a bacon, egg, and cheese burrito.
Three Cokes.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need to order hot dogs.
What kind of hot dogs would you prefer?
The foot long ones. I need them for three people.
Just to confirm you want foot long hot dogs for three people. Is that correct?
Do you want it with ketchup and mustard?
Three large orange soda.
3 large orange soda has been added to the order.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yes, I'd like to order hot dogs for myself, please.
Just to confirm, you would like to order hot dogs for yourself, is that correct?
Yes, and I need two hot dogs, everything on it, tomatoes, pickles, relish, ketchup, tomato, mustard, jalapeño and a large order of fries and a large Coke, please.
What kind of hot dogs would you like to order?
Just to confirm, two hot dogs with tomatoes, pickles, jalapenos, lettuce, mayo, and mustard.
And you said you would like to order large fries, is that correct?
One.
One large fries added to the order.
And a large Coke, please.
Also a large coke.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I was wondering if you could help me order some Thai food.
Thai food, sure thing.
Charlotte, North Carolina.
There are three high rated Thai restaurants in North Carolina.
The first one with the highest ratings is called Viet Thai Noodle House. It has 4.5 stars out of five and over 106 reviews.
Okay. You know I'm just wanting to order takeout, right?
Okay. I need two orders. The first one, I'd like some kind of pad thai.
The second one is called Moonsoon Thai cuisine restaurant.
Okay. Yeah. I mean, I wasn't supposed to have to give you a location. Yeah, I'd like to order pad thai with beef.
Okay, pad thai.
And I'd like to order another order of pad thai with shrimp.
With beef sure thing and another order of Pad Thai with shrimp, you got it.
Okay. And do they have some kind of spring rolls?
They have American Veggie rolls.
Okay. Let me get two of those. And what about drinks?
Alright for drinks they have a soda, tea, and water.
And the sizes are 2 L or cans?
Okay. Well then, forget the drinks. That's all I need for my order.
Hi, I'm trying a takeout order for three people, please.
I can help you with your take out. What would you like to order?
Breakfast Burritos.
Are there any specific ingredients you would like in the breakfast Burritos or just three breakfast Burritos?
Another breakfast Burrito, can I get a Bacon Breakfast Burrito? And this third and last Burrito, can I get a Chorizo Burrito, please? That'll be it.
Okay, just to confirm you would like one Carne Asada Breakfast Burrito with no guacamole, one Bacon breakfast Burrito, and one Chorizo breakfast Burritos all right.
Ok, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, today I need your help finding some food to eat. I'm looking to get some take-out for one person, and I'm looking to get some hot dogs.
Okay, so I'm looking to get two regular-sized hot dogs, one with sour cream and beans, and another one with I think they just want ketchup and relish, and that's it.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Often 20 minutes is pretty good timing for me and I'll be ready to pick it up. So thank you for your help today.
Hi Assistant, I would like to order some food for three people for takeout, please. I'd like some Thai food.
What would you like to order in Thai food for 3 people?
I would like to order some pad Thai. Not too spicy with dumplings on the side, and salad, and some green tea.
Just to confirm you would like to order Pad Thai which is not too spicy.
Dumpling.
Salad and green tea.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Great, I'll be there to pick it up. Thank you.
Hi, I'd like to order some take out for my wife and myself.
I can help you. What would you like to order for two people?
Cheese ravioli and one order of Penne alla Vodka.
Can't wait to have dinner.
You said you wanted a cheese ravioli and one order of Penne alla Vodka. Is it all?
Anything to drink?
Can we get two Cokes?
I will add to Cokes to order, anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need to get takeout.
I want to get Chinese food.
What Chinese food were you thinking of ordering?
Chicken and rice.
1 order of chicken and rice, is that it?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order a hot dog for myself, please.
Just to confirm you would like to order hot dog for yourself.
I'd like ketchup, tomatoes, mustard, jalapeños.
You would like to add ketchup, Tomatoes, mustard, jalapenos.
Yes. I would also like to have fries and coke.
You said you would like to have fries and coke.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
The name of the restaurant is Sara's Pizza.
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had one large Pizza with 1/2 Pepperoni and 1/2 Mushroom. Is that correct?
Can I also add one Brownie?
A Chocolate Brownie?
Okay, we have one large Pizza with half Pepperoni and half Mushroom and a Chocolate Brownie, is that correct?
Okay, your order will be ready for pickup in 20 minutes.
Hello. I'd like to repeat my takeout food order from last weekend at Casa Sanchez.
Okay sure thing let me go ahead and repeat what you got from Casa Sanchez so it looks like you got 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans.
I'd like one salad with house dressing.
Okay you got it, Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I was wondering if you could help me order some takeout food for a couple of people.
How about burgers?
For the first order, let me get a Bacon Cheeseburger.
With mustard and chili on it. And I'd like an order of large fries with that. For the second order, I need a mushroom Swiss burger.
A mushroom Swiss burger.
A Bacon cheeseburger with mustard and chili.
Order of fries with that.
Okay, for my second order, I need a Mushroom Swiss burger with mayonnaise, lettuce and tomato and a order of fries with that.
I'm sorry. Mushroom Swiss burger with mayonnaise, lettuce, tomato and fries.
Yeah, I need two drinks. Do they have coke or pepsi?
Okay, let me get two large diet cokes, then.
Bacon cheeseburger (with mustard and chilli) - order of fries - Mushroom Swiss burger with mayonnaise, lettuce and tomato - order of fries - 2 diet cokes?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order some takeout, some soup.
You are looking to take out tonight, correct?
I think, I heard you say soup?
Okay. I've got two different orders. For the first order I'd like a large bowl of chicken noodle soup.
And for the second order, I'd like a small bowl of tomato soup, along with a salad, with no tomatoes on it, and extra ranch dressing.
A small bowl of tomato soup with a salad, no tomatoes and extra ranch, is this right?
Hi Assistant, I would like to order take out food for two people.
I would like gyros.
I would like two gyros.
Okay, you want two gyros. Is that correct?
Do you want drink at least?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I need to order some pasta for three people.
Pasta for three. Any side dishes?
I need to order a large pan of lasagna and a side order of garlic bread.
Side order of garlic bread.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Welcome. Enjoy your pasta.
Hi. I'd like to take out Linguine Caesar salad and two Coronas for two people.
Okay. Order of Linguine Caesar salad and two Coronas is that correct?
Okay, your order will be ready for pickup in about 45 minutes. Enjoy your meal.
I was wanting to order takeout pizza for three.
Okay what would you like on your pizzas?
I would like two large pepperoni and bacon pizzas, a side of cheese bread, and a 2 L of Mountain Dew and that'll be it for me.
Okay, I'll order two large pepperoni bacon pizzas some cheese bread and a large 2 liter Mountain Dew is that correct?
Okay you ready order will be ready for pickup in about 35 minutes.
I would like to order food for takeout for two people.
I would like to order a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich and a Philly cheese steak sandwich on a gyro bread.
I'd like to order a Philly cheese steak sandwich, a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich, a 12-oz can of soda and a side of hash browns.
Philly cheese steak sandwich, a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich, a 12-oz can of soda with home fries and a side of hash browns. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I want to order take out.
Need it for three people.
I need one chucky burger and then two regular cheese burgers.
Yeah, and then I need just one extra large order of fries.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, today I need your help getting some takeout for one person. I'm looking to get a gyro.
A gyro, what type and toppings or any sides with that?
Well, I'd like to get a medium one with beef and Parmesan cheese, as well as bell peppers, and that's it.
A medium beef gyro with bell peppers and Parmesan cheese. Does that sound right?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome, 20 minutes is pretty good timing for me and I'll be ready to pick it up, so thank you for your help.
I would like to order takeout food for two people.
I would like to order two orders of pineapple poke with a side of white rice.
Awesome, sounds good. You said for two people. So, is there anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order takeout for one person.
I would like one order of Som Tum.
I would like one order of Som Tum.
One order of Som Tum.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yes, takeout for two, please, Chinese food.
I'd like two orders of orange chicken, two orders of shrimp fried rice and two large cokes, please. And make sure we get chopsticks.
Two orders of orange chicken - 2 orders of shrimp fried rice - 2 cokes with chopsticks?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today I need your help finding food to get for takeout for one person. I'm looking into buying some breakfast burritos to eat.
I'm looking to get two large burritos with sausage, egg, and cheese.
Yes. I'm looking to get two large burritos.
They're both going to have eggs sausage, egg, and cheese on it, and that's it.
2 large burritos with sausage, egg and cheese?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay. Awesome! I'll be waiting for that and to go pick it up. Thank you for your help today.
I really want a gyro. Let's say enough for two people.
Your order is a gyro for 2 people, anything else?
I would like to order if they have fries.
Do you want medium or large fries?
Two large fries.
2 large fries, is that correct?
Your order is a gyro for 2 people and two large fries.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I need sandwiches for takeout, please.
What kind of sandwiches would you prefer?
I need three sandwiches. One's going to be a Reuben on rye bread, one's going to be a large Italian submarine with extra pickles and extra red onions and the last is going to be pastrami on rye with a lot of mustard.
Just to confirm, you would like to order 3 sandwiches?
One would be a large submarine with extra pickles.
Yes, extra pickles and extra red onions.
Extra pickles and extra red onions?
One would be Reuben rye bread.
The last one would be straw meat on rye bread with a lot of mustard.
We're good here, I believe, for drinks, But I would like to have a big bag of potato chips, plain, would be great.
A big bag of potato chips has been added to your order.
Would you like to have anything in deserts?
No desserts needed. Thanks.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order takeout for three people.
I wanted pasta, so could I have one order of lasagne?
One order of shrimp with angel hair pasta.
And one order of fettuccine alfredo.
One order of lasagna, one order of shrimp with angel hair pasta and one order of fettuccine alfredo.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order a couple of gyros.
Okay, gyros got it.
I'd like one to be a lamb.
I'd like one to be a lamb gyro with tomato, onion, and tzatziki sauce.
1 lamb gyro with tomato, onion, and tzatziki sauce.
And then one steak gyro with tomato, onion, and tzatziki sauce.
One steak gyro with tomato, onion, and tzatziki sauce.
Could I also get two cokes?
Two cokes got it.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah. I was wondering if you could help me place a takeout order, please?
I'd like to order some sandwiches for two people.
And for the first sandwich, what would you like?
Yeah, I'd like to get a French dip with an order of potato chips.
For the second order, I'd like a Reuben on rye. And let me get fries for that.
1 french dip with potato chips, and on Ruben on rye with fries. Does that complete your order?
Can I get two Diet Cokes, also?
2 diet cokes have been added to your order. Does that complete your order for today?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Goodbye.
Hi. Today I need your help finding food to get for takeout for one person. I'm looking to get some breakfast burritos to eat.
I'm looking to get right now two small burritos with sausage, egg, and cheese, and that's it.
2 small breakfast burritos with sausage, egg, and cheese.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Great. That's a pretty good time for me. I'll be ready to pick it up. Thank you for your help today with this.
Hi. I'm ordering for two people today. We each like one hot dog and onion. So, two hot dogs with mustard and onions.
Just to confirm, your order would be 2 hotdogs with mustards and onions.
Oh, yeah. I forgot about that. No coke, but Pepsi. Two Pepsi´s.
2 Pepsi's it is.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'll head over there in 20 minutes to pick it up. Thank you.
Three gyros, everything on it, extra tomatoes, extra cream on the side, sour cream and three large cokes and three orders of fries.
3 gyros, everything on it, extra tomatoes, extra cream on the side, sour cream and three large cokes and three orders of fries already and anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi there. I was wanting an order takeout for two. I wanted sandwiches.
Alright. I wanted a turkey club with Swiss, and a hot ham and cheese sandwich with mustard, and a 2 L of Mountain Dew, and I think that'll be it for me.
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes".
I'm looking to order some pizza for takeout for three people.
Awesome. Can we get two large pepperoni pizzas with mushroom and then a side of breadsticks and 2 liters of Sprite?
You want two large pepperoni pizzas with mushroom, a side of bread sticks and 2 liters of Sprite.
Can we get some of those packets of Parmesan? And that's going to be it.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'm looking for takeout for two people. Specifically looking for breakfast burritos.
Take out for 2 breakfast burritos, got it. What would you like?
Thinking cheese, bacon, sausage, bits of pancake inside as well.
And maybe some maple syrup dipping sauce with it.
Cheese, bacon, sausage with bits of pancakes and maple syrup dip.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I would like to order some takeout poke for one person.
Okay, you want some takeout poke for one person. Is that correct?
That's correct. I'd like it made with yellow fin tuna.
And I'd like only soy sauce and sesame oil.
You would like it made with yellow fin tuna and you would like only soy sauce and sesame oil. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Yeah, I'd like to order Mexican.
I can help you with your take out order for Mexican food, what would you like to order?
I'd like to have a burrito with pork, guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onion, and salsa.
Okay, I have your order, that is a Carnitas burrito with guacamole, lettuce, tomato, onions, and salsa, is that correct?
I'd also like a steak burrito with lettuce, tomato, hot salsa, brown rice, and kidney beans.
Could I also have a side of rice, and also two churros?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order take out for one person.
I'd like to order two hot dogs with ketchup and mustard on them.
Two hot dogs with ketchup and mustard. Anything else?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order take-out food for myself, I want to get a dry roll. And I'm going to get a sweet baked potato on the side and a green salad just to make it a little healthier.
Do you want a water for your drink?
Yes. Let me get a bottle of water with that too.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need help getting food for take out for two people. I'm looking to buy some pasta.
I can help you order pasta for takeout. Go ahead with the first person's order.
Great. The first person wants a small lasagne. The second person wants rigatoni with Parmesan cheese small and that's it.
To confirm your order. I have one small lasagne, a small rigatoni with Parmesan cheese. Is that correct?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, Awesome. 20 minutes is good timing for me.
Hi Assistant. I'd like to finish my order that I started. I forgot to add some items, and I'm trying to order some Greek food for three people. Can you help me?
Okay, I want to order souvlaki, because I forgot to add souvlaki, plus a side Greek salad with feta cheese. Did you get my order?
Just to confirm you would like to add souvlaki, with a side Greek salad with feta cheese?
Do you like to have two Greek Coffee?
I'm sorry? Say that again. Two Greek coffees? Are you asking me if I want Greek coffee?
Yes. Would you like to have Greek coffee?
3 greek coffees added to the order of Souvlaki with Greek salad with feta cheese.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Great. I'll be there to pick it up. Thank you.
It was for breakfast burritos.
How many breakfast burritos would you like to order?
(s) I wanted to order two. It's just for me. I wanted one that was a chicken and another that was sausage.
But I wanted neither, I want both to be regular, not spicy.
Just to confirm you would like to order one chicken breakfast burrito and one sausage breakfast burrito, non spicy.
(s) Yes, but non-spicy for both.
Actually, yes. Could you also order a two extra tortillas?
2 extra tortillas added to the order.
Any hash browns?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order take out for three people.
I would like three orders of chicken pasta.
That was simple. Three orders of chicken pasta. Perfect.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I need to make an order from Casa Sanchez.
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans. Is that right?
That's correct. And add one house, one salad with house dressing.
1 salad with house dressing ? Sure. I've added that to the order. Anything else?
Okay. Let me confirm what you have. 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans and 1 salad with house dressing.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I want to place an order for some Greek food.
Just only for one person.
I want to get a yro with no onions, a large Tabouleh salad and a small coke.
"Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi. I like to order some Greek food for a take out for three people.
What kind of Greek food you like to order?
A hero sandwich for three people.
Would you like to order 3 hero sandwiches?
Yeah. 3 hero sandwiches.
I like to take that out.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order Barbecue for one.
What kind of BBQ you like?
I'd like one pulled pork sandwich with a side of fries and onion rings.
Just to confirm. You would like to order one pulled pork sandwich with a side of onion rings.
Yes and a side of fries and a sweet tea.
Got it, a side of fries and sweet tea.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. My friends and I want to get some burgers.
Well, three people overall.
Does fast food do takeout?
Can we get I think there's a Burger King near us.
Fast food does take out.
Could we get two whoppers, one cheeseburger, a medium fry and another whopper.
So, I got three whoppers, one cheeseburger, one medium fry. Is that correct?
No pickles on one of the Whopper.
No pickles on one whopper.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I was wanting to order some food from Casa Sanchez.
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like, you had 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans. Is that right?
That is correct. I'd also like to add two iced teas to my order.
I'd also like to add two iced teas to my order.
2 Iced Teas ? Sure, I've added that to the order.
Okay, let me confirm what you have. 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans and 2 ice teas.
Okay, your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Do you remember last weekend when I ordered out at Sarah's Pizza? Could you repeat the same order for me right now?
Did you say Sarah's Pizza?
Looks like you had 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom in the last week. Is it right?
Yeah. That's absolutely right. Hey, I'm wondering if in addition to that you could add a salad with house dressing.
Sure, I've added one salad with house dressing to the order.
You have ordered 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom and one salad with house dressing. Is it right?
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Sarah's Pizza.
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom.
Yes, that's correct. Can I add one salad with a house dressing with that, please?
Can I add one salad and house dressing, please?
One salad with house dressing? Sure, I've added that to the order.
Okay, Let me confirm what you have? 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom and one salad with house dressing.
Okay, your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Goodbye.
Hi. Today I need your help finding some food for two people to get for takeout. I'm looking to get some burgers.
I'm looking to get two double cheeseburgers and one bacon double cheeseburger, and that's it.
Two double cheese burgers, and one bacon double. Does that sound right?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome. 20 minutes is good timing for me. I'll be ready to pick it up, so thank you for your help today.
Hi. I'd like to order takeout for one person, please.
Thai food sound's delicious. Can you help me with that?
Yes, I can. What would you like to order in Thai food?
How about pad pie noodles?
Oh, yeah. That sound's delicious. Can you add a side of pork fried spring rolls too, please?
I am sorry, pad Thai noodles.
Alright, that sound's delicious. Can you add pad Thai noodles and a side of pork fried spring rolls, please?
A side of pork fried spring rolls added to your order, anything else?
Just to confirm, would like to order pad Thai noodles?
A side of pork fried spring rolls.
Anything to drink?
Could I take a 2 liter bottle of Pepsi, please?
Got it, 2 liter bottle of Pepsi added to your order.
So for the last time you would like to order pad Thai noodles with a side of pork fried spring rolls, 2 liter bottle of Pepsi.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Looking for a takeout for myself. Looking for pizza.
What kind of pizza and what size?
Medium pizza with chicken sausage, pepperoni and jalapeño peppers please.
Just to confirm you would like to order one medium pizza with chicken sausage, pepperoni and jalapeno peppers.
Yes. Could I have a large water bottle with that please?
One large water bottle added to your order.
Just to confirm you would like to order one medium pizza make chicken sausage, pepperoni and jalapeno peppers and one large water bottle.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I am looking for a place where I can get takeout just for one person. I'm looking to get myself a pork bowl.
Take out for one, a pork bowl, got it.
I think I'd like salmon in the bowl with some sugar snap peas, some radish, some cucumber, some sesame seeds and some tomatoes.
Salmon with sugar snap peas and radish with cucumber, sesame seeds and tomatoes, got it.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi there, I would like to order some takeout pizza.
Okay, take out pizza how exciting for how many people.
Two people. Anyways, I would like, two large pepperoni and bacon pizzas, an order of cheese bread and a 2 liter of Mountain Dew, and that will be all.
Okay, so you want two large pepperoni and bacon pizza's, with cheese bread and a side of 2 Litter of Mountain Dew, is that correct.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I need to order food for taking out for three people.
Okay, I can help you order takeout for three people. What would you like to eat?
I wanted to get Mexican food.
Great. For the first person, I want to get three chicken Enchiladas.
For the second person, I want to get one chicken Burrito and three chicken Tacos.
And the third person I want to get a Mushroom.
And then I also wanted to order one Guacamole and Chips. And that's it.
Okay, for your order I have three Chicken Enchiladas. 1 chicken Burrito and 2 chicken Tacos, Mushroom Huaraches and two cheese Enchiladas and one Chips and Guacamole. Would you like anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm looking to eat takeout, please. I'm looking for a burrito.
Ok burritos.
Yeah, I'd like a king-sized burrito, please. Extra sauce on everything inside. Steak burrito.
Ok, King size burrito steak got it.
And a large Dr Pepper, please.
Large Dr. Pepper.
OK, I got it, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Sarah's Pizza.
Looks like you had 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom.
That is correct. Can you add one salad with house dressing on the to the top, please?
One salad with house dressing? Sure. I have added that to the order.
1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom.
One salad with house dressing.
Ok. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order a lamb gyro.
One and can I get it with spinach, tomato and onions?
Awesome and can I also get a side of fruit?
Which fruit?
The fruit salad.
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Takedown the order for Gyros.
One.
How many Gyros would you like?
One Falafel Gyro with extra meat, one Ultimate Gyro and a side of organic stuffed grape leaves.
Any drinks with that?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah, I'd like to order some takeout food, Greek.
Ok, greek takeout.
Okay. I'd like an order of moussaka. Does that come with a salad?
Yes, you can add a side salad.
Yeah. Do you have calamari?
Yes, calamari.
Okay. Let me get a order of that. And Do you have diet coke or pepsi?
Okay. Let me get a diet coke.
One diet coke, will that complete your order?
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Thank you.
I would like to order some Italian food for two people for takeout.
I can help you with your takeout order, what would you like to order from the Italian restaurant?
I would like two orders of spaghetti and meatballs with Parmesan cheese, a side toss salad with Italian dressing and a bottle of wine.
Okay, this is what I have. Two orders of spaghetti and meatballs with Parmesan cheese, a side tossed salad with Italian dressing and a bottle of white wine. Is that right?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Great. I'll be there to pick it up.
Hi, I'd like to place a takeout order at Larry's Grill.
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had two burgers well done with everything on them and sweet potato fries with both burgers. Is that right?
All right. That is correct. Also, can I add one salad with house dressing to that order?
A salad with house dressing, I have added that to your order. Anything else?
Okay, let me confirm, you have two burgers well done with everything on them and sweet potato fries with both burgers and a salad with house dressing. Is that right?
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Looking for dinner to take out.
Well, we would like hot and sour soup, three egg rolls. We would like chicken fried rice, chicken with mixed vegetables, and extra brown rice on the side.
Any drinks with that?
Like two regular cokes and one ginger ale.
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes"
I'd like to place an order for takeout food.
Okay, take out. What would you like?
Pasta.
Pasta for how many?
Just one.
Okay, pasta for one.
Okay, I'd like an order of Chicken Fettuccine.
Chicken Fettuccine, anything else?
Yeah, I'd like to get a salad with that, not tomatoes, and I need ranch dressing and a large diet coke.
And a large Diet Coke.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order your hot and sour soup.
Ok, one hot and sour soup.
I'd like croutons with it and make the soup spicy.
Croutons and add spice.
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I wanted to order takeout for three people.
I wanted poke, So could I have a Ahi tuna poke bowl, A California poke bowl, And a salmon poke bowl and that's it.
One Ahi poki bowl, A california poki bowl, And one salmon poki bowl. Would you like any drinks with your order?
"Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
I'd like to order the same thing I ordered last week from Larry's Grill, please.
Looks like you had two burgers and Sweet potato fries.
Yes, that's correct. And can you add one salad to that please, with the house dressing and that should be it.
One salad with house dressing? Sure. I've added that to the order.
Two burgers and sweet potato fries with both one salad?
Okay, your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like help ordering some takeout.
I'm in the mood for some good Italian food. Specifically, I want to order sausage ravioli.
One sausage ravioli. Anything else?
I'd like to add two rolls and a medium diet coke.
One sausage ravioli, 2 rolls and a medium diet coke, is it correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Looks like you had two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both the burgers. Is that right?
I want two burgers, and I want sweet potato fries with them.
Yeah, I'd like to add one brownie to the order.
A chocolate brownie? Sure. I've added that to the order.
Okay. let me confirm what you have: two burgers well done with everything on them and sweet potato fries with both burgers. And one brownie.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
My husband and I want's some pizza to eat.
Pizza. What size and what kind?
Yeah, So medium pizza with anchovies and a small pizza with pineapple and perogies. You have all that?
Yes one moment. Just to confirm, you would like to order 2 pizzas.
Just to confirm, you would like to order 2 pizzas.
Yea, Two pizzas and a side of perogies.
One medium pizza with anchovies and a small pineapple pizza. Is that correct?
You would like to order one medium pizza with anchovies and a small pineapple pizza with the side of perogies. Is that correct?
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
I'd like to order a lamb gyro for one person.
Got it . You would like to order lamb gyro for one person?
Yes. I'd like diced tomato, spinach, feta cheese and tzatziki sauce with that.
Just to confirm you would like to order one lamb gyro with diced tomatoes, spinach, feta cheese and tzaziki sauce?
That's correct. And let's go ahead and add one lemonade, as well.
One lemonade added to your order.
Just to confirm you would like the order one lamb gyro with diced tomatoes, spinach, feta cheese and tzaziki sauce and one lemonade?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout Chinese food for one person, please.
I can help with that. What would you like to order in Chinese food?
I'd like one large Beef and Broccoli.
And two egg rolls.
Just to confirm, you would like to order one large Beef and Broccoli and 2 egg rolls. Is that correct?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order pizza for takeout.
I would like to order two large mushroom pizzas.
2 large mushroom pizzas. Would you like to add anything else to this order? Sides or drinks?
I'll take one 2-liters of Coca-Cola, please.
2 large mushroom pizzas. And a 2-liters of Coca-Cola. Does this complete your order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order some food for three people.
Hot dogs.
Hot dogs. Is this for take out?
Yes. We're going to be taking it out.
Side of chips. If they have burritos and three coca-colas.
Hot dogs for three to take out. Chips, burritos and three coca-cola?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Oh. Can I mention the toppings for the hot dogs? One I want with relish, mustard, and ketchup, and the other two just plain.
One with relish, mustard and ketchup, the other two hot dogs are just plain?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to place an order of burritos for breakfast, please.
Okay, breakfast with burritos, sounds good. How many burritos would you like to order?
The first one is going to be Hashbrowns, eggs, bacon and sausage.
The second one is going to be eggs, bacon and Hashbrowns.
The final one is going to be eggs, cheese and Hashbrowns.
1 with Hashbrown eggs, bacon and sausage. 1 with eggs, bacon, and Hashbrowns and 1 with eggs cheese and Hashbrowns. Will that complete your order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I am looking to order some food for takeout for three people and I'd like to order some breakfast burritos.
Yes. I can. What kind of breakfast burritos would you like to order for three people?
Just to confirm you would like to have breakfast burritos with scrambled eggs sausage bell peppers, cheese and a coffee
And a coffee.
I would like to have breakfast burritos with scrambled eggs sausage bell peppers, cheese and a coffee.
No, milk or sugar.
One cup of tea without milk or sugar added to your order.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey, I need to order pizza.
Okay, What kind of pizza were you looking for?
Well, I've got three people and we just need medium like a pepperoni, A veggie, and a cheese.
I got three medium pizzas with pepperoni veggies and cheese.
One pepperoni, one veggie, one cheese. Yes.
1 pepperoni 1 veggie 1 cheese, medium size for all 3. Is it correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm wondering if you could order some Mexican food for my girlfriend and me.
Okay, What kind of Mexican food?
Some enchiladas with a large side of guacamole. One large bean burrito. You got that?
One large bean burrito.
Ok, This will just be a second. One enchilada with a large side of guacamole and a large bean burrito.
Yeah, Is that bean burrito vegetarian?
There is a vegetarian option.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order some Greek take out for one.
Ok, Greek takeout for 1. What would you like to have?
I would like one chicken gyro and a 2 liter of mountain dew and that should be it.
1 chicken gyro and a 2 liter of mountain dew anything else?
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Thank you.
Hi. I'd like to order hot dogs for three people.
Just to confirm you would like to order hot dogs for three people.
Yes, I'd like one with barbecue sauce, onions, and mustard.
One with mustard, onions and costa.
And a taco dog with lettuce, tomatoes, sauce, salad cream, and grated cheese.
Just to confirm the first one will be barbecue sauce onions and mustard.
The second one will be with onions mustard and coleslaw.
And the third one will be a taco dog with lettuce, tomato, salsa sour cream and shredded cheese.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
You had two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both.
Yeah, you know what? I'd like to add two iced teas, as well.
So your order is two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both with 2 iced teas.
Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order two large hamburgers.
Okay, you want to order two large hamburgers, anything else?
One with bacon and one with ketchup.
One with bacon and one with ketchup, that's it.
Please, that's it and order a fries and a diet coke two each.
And also order fries two each and also diet coke for the both, you got it.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order take out sandwiches for one person.
Go ahead with your takeout order.
I'd like one beef and cheddar, I'm sorry beef and white cheddar panini sandwich.
To confirm your order, I have one with beef and white cheddar. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order barbecue chicken with fries.
Hi. BBQ food with barbecue chicken and fries. Is this correct?
Alright you have one order of BBQ chicken fries.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I was looking to order a breakfast burrito for takeout.
Just to confirm, you would like to order breakfast burrito?
Just one.
What kind of meat would you prefer in your breakfast burrito?
I'm just going to have sausage.
Just to confirm, your order would be one sausage breakfast burrito?
Would you like to add extra cheese to it?
Would you like to have anything to drink?
Yeah. Coca-Cola, please.
Just to confirm, your order is one Coca-Cola and one sausage breakfast burrito?
Anything else? And desserts?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I would like to make an order of breakfast. Can you help me with that?
I would like to order one breakfast burrito with extra hot sauce and jalapenos with an order of french fries, large.
Okay, one breakfast burrito with extra hot sauce and jalepenos and a side of fries. That's it right?
Yes, and can I get a large Coke with that, please?
Okay, and one large coke with that. That's it right?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello assistant. I'd like to order some takeout food for three people and I'd like to order poke food.
What would you like to order to poke food?
I'd like to order a poke bowl with tilapia fish and a salad.
And some Japanese noodles on the side.
And also a green and berry cooked the pie.
1 poke bowl with tilapia fish and salad on the side.
Japanese noodles on the side.
And lastly, green and berry cooked pie.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to take out some food tonight.
BBQ.
Okay. What type of BBQ?
Chicken.
Let's say six pieces.
Some coleslaw, some baked beans, and some Coca-Cola.
Yeah, I was wondering if you could help me to order some take out food for an Indian food.
Yeah, just one.
Let me get a full order of a Tandoora chicken and a large cake.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I want to order takeout for two people.
I want to eat Chinese food, So could I have 1 quart of shrimp fried rice, 1 quart of Shrimp Lo Mein, Two Spring Rolls and a side order of Chicken Dumplings.
One quart of shrimp fried rice, one quart of Shrimp Lo Mein, 2 Spring Rolls and a side order of Chicken Dumplings. Does that sound correct?
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up within 20 minutes.
Glad I could help. Enjoy your dinner. Bye.
Hi. Today, I need your help ordering food for takeout for one person. I'm looking to order some pizza.
What kind of pizza?
I'm looking to get a sausage and mushroom pizza, a large.
Sausage and mushroom pizza, a large. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, 20 minutes is good time for me. Thank you.
Hello. I'd like to order sandwiches for one.
What kind of sandwich would you like to order?
Can I get a turkey club with bacon, cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, oil and vinegar, and salt and pepper in an Italian bread?
Just to confirm, you would like to order turkey club sandwich with bacon cheddar cheese vinegar, olives with Italian bread.
Yeah. And then, can I also get a side of fruit salad?
You said fruit salad?
Fruit salad added to the order.
Let's go ahead and add a lemonade.
Okay. One lemonade added to your order.
Anything in dessert?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant, I'd like to order food for take out for one person. I just want breakfast burritos.
Yeah, I would like breakfast burritos with beef and lettuce, cheese, pizza beans.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Okay, so something a little bit Mexican Cuisine?
Yeah, I'd love some burritos with a side order of refried beans, and a taco salad, and also a Diet Coke.
Okay, so I got some burritos with a side order of refried beans and a taco salad and also a Diet Coke, is this all correct and don't forget the large order of burritos.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Great, I will be there in 20 minutes.
I'd like to order a hot dog take out for two.
Ok, hot dogs for 2?
Two chili dogs with ketchup and mustard and then another two hot dogs with mustard relish and onions.
2 chili dogs with ketchup and mustard and 2 more with mustard relish and onions.
Yes, then can I get two sweet teas, as well, two sweet teas.
2 sweet teas got it.
OK, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order Indian take-out for one.
I would like a serving of chicken masala with an extra side of naan bread and then masala tea to drink.
Just to confirm, you would like to order chicken tikka masala with extra side of naan bread and also Masala tea.
Would you like to try the samosas?
Samosas added to your order.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order 3 burritos.
I'm sorry did you say three burritos?
I'd like one to be a shrimp burrito with white rice and black beans.
One shrimp burrito with white rice.
Black beans and pico de gallo.
Okay, so I got one shrimp burrito with white rice, black beans and pico de gallo.
Yes. And then one pork burrito with brown rice and pico de gallo and sour cream.
So one pork burrito with brown rice with pico de gallo with sour cream.
Yes, and then finally one steak burrito with cheddar cheese, sour cream and refried beans.
Your last order was steak burrito with cheddar chesse, sour cream and refried beans.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Well, I would like to order takeout Italian for one person.
I'd like an order of lasagna with meat sauce and a side of two meatballs.
I'd like to pieces of soda bread and one cannoli.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I need two orders of Aunt Chiladas. I want one beef, One chicken, No guacamole, No onions and no sauce on the side, please.
Sure, I want two orders of Aunt Chiladas. I want one order with beef, Aunt Chiladas. The other order needs to be chicken, Aunt Chiladas. No guacamole, no onions on either one of them and the sauce on the side, please.
Two enchiladas one beef one chicken, no guacamole no onions and salsa on the side.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout for one person.
I would like to order one order of pad thai.
What kind of meat would you prefer?
I want pork.
Just to confirm you would like to order one order of pad thai with pork.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order takeout.
I would like to order four cheeseburgers.
And two orders of fries.
Okay. I have 4 cheeseburgers and two orders of fries. Is that correct?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm looking for take-out for two people.
I'm looking for pizza.
Pizza, okay.
Two.
Sausage toppings with extra cheese.
Okay, so you want sausage topping with extra cheese and you are going with two people. Is this correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi assistant. I'd like to order some takeout food for three people. I'd like to order some Chinese food, please.
What would you like to order in Chinese food?
I'd like to order a chicken with black bean sauce.
I would like to order a moo goo gai pan. I'd like to order also three spring rolls, and a pint of wonton soup.
Oh, and don't forget my fortune cookies.
Chicken with black bean sauce, moo goo gai pan.
3 spring rolls.
And a pint of wonton soup with fortune cookies.
That is Yes, don't forget my fortune cookies.
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes".
I'm looking for some Indian food.
I want three specials of Indian food today to take out and with Berbecue butter. Three orders of butter chicken with naan in it.
Just to confirm you would like to order butter chicken with naan and a side of coleslaw, is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order a large chicken burrito for take-out.
And I need a side of sour cream, a side of guacamole and a side of extra hot salsa, also a nachos and, a large Coke.
Okay, one large chicken burrito with a side of sour cream, guacamole and a side of hot salsa, also nachos and, a large Coke. Is that all correct?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order food for a takeout for two people, and i'm looking for Chinese food.
I can help you with your Chinese food takeout order what would you like?
I would like to order a General Tso's chicken with a side of fried rice, and a small fried chicken wings with puff fried rice and two cans of Sprite. That's it.
So you want to order General Tso's chicken with a side of fried rice, and a small fried chicken wings with puff fried rice and two cans of Sprite.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I want to order takeout poke for one person, please.
I'd like the yellowfin tuna variety, please.
Just to confirm, you would like to order one yellowfin tuna variety poke. Is that correct?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Sara's Pizza.
You ordered 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom. Is that right?
I'd like to add one brownie to the order.
A chocolate brownie? Sure. I've added that to the order. Anything else?
1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom and a chocolate brownie. Is that right?
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order some take-out food for three people.
I wanted to get breakfast burritos.
Three breakfast burritos. On the first one, I would like scrambled eggs, chorizo sausage onions and peppers?
Three breakfast burritos. On the first one, I would like scrambled eggs, chorizo sausage onions and peppers? On the second burrito, I would like scrambled eggs, potatoes, onions and salsa.And on the third burrito I would like scrambled eggs, chorizo sausage, potato, and salsa.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order some food from Crepes Fantastic.
Did you say Crepes fantastic?
Looks like you had 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe.
Can you add two ice tea to it this time now?
2 iced tea? Sure. I've added that to the order.
And mastitis salad, also if it's possible?
A side of salad? Sure, I'll.
Okay. Let me confirm what you have is 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe and 2 ice tea and also a side of salad.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need your help in ordering food for takeout. I believe that I ordered a meal from Casa Sanchez and I'd like to reorder that.
Looks like you had 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans, is that right?
Yes, that's right. I'd like to get that order and then I'd like to also get another salad with house dressing.
A salad with house dressing, I will add that to your older.
1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans and a house salad with house dressing.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, awesome. I'll be ready in 20 minutes to pick it up. Thank you for your help today.
I'm looking to order take out for three people. I need to order some Greek food.
Some gyros will be good.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I wanted to order some poke food for takeout.
It's going to be for three people, and I just need three of the spicy ahi poke dishes. And then I need a 2-L of coke. And that's going to be it.
Just to confirm you would like to order 2 liter bottle of coke and 3 spicy ahi poke dishes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order sandwiches for takeout, please.
You would like to order sandwiches for taking out, right?
I would like one ham sandwich with mustard and mayonnaise.
One ham sandwich with mustard and mayonnaise.
I'm just ordering takeout for one person, myself.
I'm looking to order a take out for two people and my wife really likes great food, so can you recommend a great restaurant?
Is this for take out?
One Souvlaki dish and one Jurel dish.
Oh, and french fries on the side. She just asked me to get french fries.
One gyro dish and one sukiyaki dish with french fries. Anything else?
Let me double check.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order food for take out for one person, and I want it to be a burrito.
Okay sure, what kind of burrito?
I would like a beef tongue burrito with a side of sweet potato salad.
Beef tongue burrito with a side of sweet potato salad.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, do you remember the order I got last weekend from Casa Sanchez?
Sure, let me bring that up. You have ordered 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with re-fried beans. Is that right?
Yes, can I get a reorder of that and add a brownie to that list?
A chocolate brownie? Sure. I've added that to the order.
Yes, perfect. I'd like to reorder that for takeout, please.
Okay. Let me confirm you have 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with re-fried beans and a chocolate brownie. Is that correct?
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order a take-out from the Indian restaurant.
I can help you with your take-out order. What would you like to order from the Indian restaurant?
I'd like to order something with chicken.
It looks like they're having a special curry chicken.
Do they have some Tandoori Chicken?
Yes, they have tandoori chicken but there is no special for tandoori chicken.
Okay, one order of tandoori chicken. Anything else?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I want you to take out order burritos for three people.
Sure, how would you like these burritos?
I'd like one bean and cheese, one canny of soda and one more chicken.
One bean and cheese burrito, one canny of soda and one chicken burrito. Anything else?
Yeah, I'd like a side of sour cream, a side of yellow rice, a side of pinto beans and the other side of black beans.
One side of sour cream, a side of yellow rice, a side of pinto beans and lastly black beans. Anything else?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick up in 20 minutes.
Hello Assistant. I would like to order a takeout for three people.
I would like to order one cream of broccoli, one mushroom soup, and one chicken noodle soup.
You would like to order one cream of broccoli, 1 mushroom soup and one chicken noodle soup. Is that correct?
So just to confirm, you would like to order one cream of broccoli, 1 mushroom soup and one chicken noodle soup. All in large size.
How about three dinner rolls? One per each person.
3 dinner rolls added to the order.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to order some take-out.
Hi. I can help you with your takeout. What would you like to order?
I want to order some Chinese food.
So what would you like from the Chinese restaurant?
I want five egg rolls, A case of rice and as well as sweet and sour chicken.
Your would like to 5 egg rolls order of rice, Sweet and sour chicken. Is that right?
Would you like to add any drink?
Yeah, I want a small Coca-Cola.
I will add a small Coca-Cola to your order. Is there anything else?
"Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi. I was hoping you could help me to order a take out of Pokey for two.
Okay. 2 orders of Pokey, is that correct?
Yes, can I add some breadsticks and two large cokes?
With breadsticks and two large Cokes?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I need help in ordering some food for two people. I wanted to order some barbecue food.
This would be for two people.
Okay, I'm going to order some barbecue chicken with barbecue ribs, I would add on the sides some green beans and also a big potato and also, I probably want some apple pie for dessert.
Okay, so I have one barbecue chicken and one barbecue ribs, a side of green beans and a baked potato and one apple pie, correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I need help in ordering a pizza today.
I'd like to order a large deep dish pizza, with mushrooms and green peppers and extra cheese.
Oh, for two people.
I have your order for one large pizza with mushrooms green peppers and extra cheese, is that correct?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
The total for your order will be $21.24
Hi, I was wanting to order some pasta take out for two.
You wanted the pasta take out for two, right?
I'd like to order one chicken parmesan, one chicken Alfredo, and 2 liters of Mountain Dew and that will be it for me.
One chicken Parmesan, one chicken Alfredo, and 2 liters of Mountain Dew?
Hi, I need your help getting food for take out for two people. I'm interested in buying some pasta.
What kind of pasta?
I'm looking to get a medium container of lasange and another medium container of rigatoni.
Your order is one medium container lasagna and one medium container rigatoni, Is that correct?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, 20 minutes is good timing for me. I'll be ready to pick it up. Thank you for your help today.
I'm looking for take out.
The order is sandwiches for three people?
Yes, with ham and cheese.
Okay, ham and cheese sandwiches for three people?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi assistant, I need to order a take out for one person.
I want to get a side of hot dogs.
I want a side of French fries.
Yeah, then I want to get a large Coke.
Your order is, a side of hot dog, large fried and a large coke. is that correct?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I am looking to order some Gyros.
Euros, okay. How many years old?
I just need to eat those, but I ain't eaten lamb, tomato and onion on them.
Lamb, tomato and onion all three of those Euros. Is that correct?
Let me get a water bottle.
Yes, a bottle would be great.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order the same meal from Sara's Pizza from the last week that I talked with you last.
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom.
Yeah, that is right. And I would like to add two iced teas to that order, please.
2 Iced teas? Sure. I've added that to the order.
1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom and 2 Iced teas.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order a burger for one.
I'd like a 1/4 lb chili burger with lettuce, tomatoes, ketchup and mustard and peppers.
Can I also get fries and a chocolate milkshake?
Fries and a chocolate milkshake adding to it, anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order take-out for one person.
I can help you with your takeout order, what would you like to order?
I would like to order Chinese food.
Okay, what would you like to order from the Chinese restaurant?
I would like to order Kung Pao chicken.
Okay, one order of Kung Pao chicken.
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi Assistant. I'm ordering takeout. And I was hoping you could help.
I want chicken noodle soup.
Large.
Can I order a house salad with ranch dressing, Too?
And any drinks?
I need a large coke, Coca-Cola.
One large chicken noodle soup, A house salad with ranch, And a large coke. Is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi there, I would like to order a take out for pizza for one person. I'm looking for a personal size pan pizza with sausage, fresh mushroom, onion, garlic and blended broccoli.
Take out pizza personal pan size sausage mushroom onion garlic and what was the last topping you wanted?
Broccoli.
Broccoli huh, you got it. Okay, sure thing.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order some pizza, actually, with green peppers, mushroom, and tomatoes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'm looking for take-out.
Is there pizza available for take-out?
What kind of pizza would you like?
A bacon and sausage 16" pizza with extra cheese.
Large soda, please.
Okay, can I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Hi there. I was looking to order some pizza for take out.
Okay, pizza. Got it. What would you like to order?
Can I get two large pepperoni and bacon pizzas and one order of breadsticks and that should be it for me.
Two large pepperoni and bacon and one order of breadsticks. Anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order a barbecue take out for three people.
Okay, barbecue for 3.
Can I get two pulled pork sandwiches with with coleslaw on them? And then one beef brisket sandwich.
And then one beef brisket sandwich.
2 pulled pork sandwiches with coleslaw and one beef brisket sandwich. Anything else?
Can I get three sides of baked beans?
3 sides of baked beans. Got it.
And then one side of mackin cheese, and one two sides of coleslaw.
And one side of mac and cheese and 2 sides of coleslaw. Anything else?
"Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi, I need to order some takeout for two people hot dogs.
Hot dogs? How many and what kind?
Okay, for the first order I need a footlong with mustard, chilli, and onions and I'd like a side of onion rings with that one.
For the second order, I'd like two regular-size hot dogs with just ketchup only. And a side of fries.
Just to confirm, you would like to order, 1 foot long hotdog with mustard chilli onion and a side of mustard and onion rings.
Regular hot dogs with sides of ketchup and side of fries.
Yes, two Hobnobs.
I am sorry 2 regular hot dogs with ketchup and side of fries and a large diet coke. Is that correct?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order takeout for one person.
I would like one order of Indian curry.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order free take out for one.
Okay, I'd like lamb gyro with tomatoes, tzatziki sauce, and lettuce. And then a side of ouzo and a side of fruit salad.
Okay, this is what I have. One lamb gyro with tomatoes lettuce and tzatziki sauce.
Yes, and then a side of ouzo and a side of fruit salad.
A side of orzo and a side of fruit salad.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I need help ordering some take out food for two people.
I can help you to order takeout for two people. Go ahead with your order.
Well, I'd like to order two hot dogs one with sauerkraut and mustard. The other one with mustard, sauerkraut, relish and onion and an order of french fries on the side and two diet cokes.
So to confirm your order. I have two hot dogs. The first hot dog has sauerkraut and mustard. The second hot dog has mustard, sauerkraut, relish and onion and an order of french fries on the side and 2 Diet Cokes. Is that correct?
I have your personal details on file and your order will be ready for pick up in 20 minutes.
Hello assistant. I'm looking to order Indian food for two people for takeout.
Let me see. Yeah, I'm not very well-versed in Indian cuisine, so let me see what would be.
How about tandoori chicken?
Chicken Tikka Masala is a favorite. As well as Samosas. Tandoori chicken is another fan favorite.
And roghan josh.
Two orders of tandoori chicken, one order of poha and an order of rogan josh for two people. Anything else?
OK, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Thank you. I'm looking forward to dinner.
Hey, can you help me in trying to order Chinese tonight.
Can you make the rice come in different sizes?
Small, medium and large.
Yeah, can you get me one large and one small? The oyster sauce is just one size, right? That should be got on the white rice.
Yeah, that would be enough for the white rice. It's like eight bucks, right? And that would be enough for the white rice then. Alright. I think that's it. Children and for myself tonight.
Just to confirm you would like to order one large and one small white rice with oyster sauce and moo goo gai pan.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'd like to order some Italian food.
Some spaghetti.
Is there anything else you would like to add to your order of spaghetti?
5 pieces of garlic bread and a liter of coke. Did you get that?
An order of spaghetti, 5 pieces of garlic bread and a liter of coke. Does that sound right?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order take-out for one person.
I'd like to order a BLT sandwich.
Just to confirm you would like to order one BLT sandwich.
Do you have any preference in terms of pickles, condiments?
No pickles.
Just to confirm you would like to order one BLT sandwich without pickles.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Can you help me to order Chinese food?
Can I get an order of sweet and sour chicken as well?
You need 2 orders of lo mein and 2 orders sweet and sour chicken, is that correct?
Oh, no, two orders of lo mein and one order of sweet and sour chicken. Do those come in different sizes lo mein?
No, just one size.
All right. Well, that should be good. I'm ordering for two people.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I need to order breakfast burritos.
Just to confirm, you want to order breakfast burritos?
That is correct. It would be for two people.
What kind of meat and other ingredients would you prefer?
I think you should put sausage on both of them and cheese and onions. That will be all.
Just to confirm, you want sausage cheese and onions in both the burritos. Is that right?
Would you like to add anything to drink?
One orange juice and one milk.
One orange juice and 1 milk added to your order.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. You're welcome. Enjoy your meal. See you later.
Hello, I'd like to order food for take-out for two people. I would like to order one roast beef sandwich with cheddar cheese and one pastrami sandwich with coleslaw on top.
One roast beef sandwich with cheddar cheese and one pastrami sandwich with coleslaw on top.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, today I need help finding food for three people. I'm looking for Italian gyros.
I can help you with your takeout order.
I found a restaurant nearby that serves Gyros, what type of Gyros did you want to order?
I'm looking to order two gyros and a chicken and I'm also looking for one that is beef.
Okay, I have your personal details on file, your order will be ready for pickup in about 20 minutes.
Hi, Could you bring up my last audio at Larry's Grill.
Sure, Let me bring it up. Looks like you had two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both.
Looks like you had two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both.
I want to add a house salad.
House salad. Sure. I've added that to the order.
And then, Could you add house dressing, As well.
Ok. Let me confirm what you have. Two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both. With a house salad and a house dressing.
Two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both. With a house salad and a house dressing.
Ok. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order burgers for takeout.
2.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I was wondering if you could help me order some Italian food for take-out?
Okay, for the first order I need Francino pizza. Does that come with salad?
Okay, I'd like a salad with no tomatoes on rice trays.
Okay, for the second order I'd like to get a Spaghetti and meat balls also with the salad with a French dressing, if you have it.
For the third order I need a lasagna, also with a salad. Let me get ranchitas in another one.
1st order fettuccine alfredo with salad, no tomatoes with ranch dressing. 2nd order, spaghetti with meatballs with salad and french dressing. 3rd order, lasagna and salad with ranch dressing?
That's perfect, can I get an extra order of bread also?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I like to order barbeque take-out for three people, please.
I'd like one pulled pork sandwich.
One pulled chicken sandwich.
I want to order ribs and two large orders of fries and that's it.
One pulled pork sandwich, one pulled chicken sandwich, one order of ribs and two large order of fries and that will do it.
Anything to drink it all down with or are you good with that?
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'm looking to order take out for one person, please.
Pizza, please.
What kind of pizza?
Can I get a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, extra bacon, and extra cheese, please?
16 inch.
A large Pepsi, please.
16 inch pepperoni sausage with extra bacon and cheese - large Pepsi.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order a pizza for take out, please.
I'd like two large pepperoni with onions, please.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order burgers for three people. One veggie burger.
Okay, wonderful. I'd like to order two veggie burgers for my wife and for myself. I would also like to get one juicy burger for my pet dog, Coco.
So 3 burgers in total?
Yeah, we'll have three orders of french fries on the side and three milk vanilla milkshakes. Oh, I'm sorry. Make that two vanilla milkshakes. My wife likes chocolate milkshakes. So I will take two vanilla and one chocolate.
Sounds yummy. Can't wait for dinner.
Do you need any sauces like ketchup?
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order food for take-out for three people and I'm looking for is Indian food.
Food for takeout for three people, awesome and you want Indian food, is that correct?
Yes, I want Indian food. The particular dish I want is Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Tikka Masala and papa lou, three diet Pepsi.
Okay, so I got Tandoori chicken, Chicken Tikka, Chicken Tikka masala, Papa Lou.
And get the bread and three diet Pepsi.
And the bread pudding and the three cans of diet Pepsi, of course, you got it.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Can you pull up my regular order from Casa Sanchez? I want to order the same thing I got last week.
You had 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans.
Perfect. And then can you also add one salad with house dressing?
Okay, a salad with house dressing is added.
Okay. Let me confirm what you have: 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans with a salad with house dressing.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'm looking for takeout food for two people.
I'm looking for barbecue.
I want barbecue ribs for two people with a side of barbecue sauce.
Barbeque ribs for two and a side of extra barbeque sauce. Anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I would like to order take-out for three people.
I would like three orders of Spaghetti.
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I need to place a reorder from Crepe's Fun Tastic.
Looks like you had 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe.
Yep, that is correct and I would also like two iced teas to the order.
Two iced teas. Sure. I've added that to the order.
1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe and 2 iced teas.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order some food for takeout for one person. I'd actually like to order some soup.
I can help you with that. What kind of soup?
I'd like to order some minestrone soup and some crusty bread on the side and a little Parmesan cheese on top.
Just to confirm, you would like to order one minestrone soup with Parmesan cheese on top and a side of crusty bread. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Enjoy your soup.
Hi, I'd like to order takeout for three people.
I will prefer hot dogs.
What kind of hot dogs would you prefer?
I'd like three hot dogs with ketchup and mustard.
Just to confirm, your order is 3 hot dogs with ketchup and mustard.
Do you want it to be chili cheese dogs?
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay so, I was ordering for one and I would like chicken Parmesan with panna cotta for dessert.
With panna cotta for dessert.
Just to confirm you would like to order chicken parmesan with panna cotta.
One mimosa.
One mimosa added to your order, anything to drink?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order for take-out, please.
I'd like to orders two butter chicken with some rice on the side and a large water bottle.
2 butter chicken with rice on the side and a large water bottle, is that your order?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to place an order for Poke.
One person.
Let's start with a base of a brown rice with spicy-aki, a side of avocado and with a sweet Hawaiian sauce and a topping of ginger and sesame seeds.
Would you like a miso soup with that?
Yeah. Actually, two orders of miso soup.
Any drinks?
One drink of a coke, Coca-Cola.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'm going to place a couple of takeout order for a couple sandwiches.
I'm going to place a couple of takeout order for a couple sandwiches.
Okay, Takeout what would you like?
One sandwich, I'd like to be a meatball sub and the other one is turkey and ham.
1 meatball sub and one turkey and ham sandwich anything else?
Can I get a side of chips with both and a medium drink with both as well?
2 sides of chips and 2 medium drinks.
And on the turkey and ham, If you could the toppings of mayonnaise and mustard and nothing else to be added.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order some takeout food.
Okay, What type of takeout would you like?
I'd like to order some pizza.
One person.
Okay, What would you like on your pizza?
I like it with half pepperoni and half Italian sausage. And I want a jumbo size one.
Okay, I'll order a jumbo-size half pepperoni half Italian sausage.
And I want a six pack of Budweiser and some bread sticks and Caesar salad.
What size Caesar salad?
Large one.
Okay, I'll get a six pack of miller light bread sticks and a large Caesar salad.
Now that's a six pack of Budweiser.
Okay, I'll get you a six pack of Budweiser. That will be ready in about 30 minutes for pick up.
That will be ready in about 30 minutes for pick up.
Hi. I'd like to order pizza from the same place I ordered pizza last time, Sarah's pizza.
Okay, sure thing. So you got one large pizza with 1/2 pepperoni and 1/2 mushroom, is that correct?
Yes. Though I'd also like to add one brownie to that order.
Just one brownie okay sure thing you got it
Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, can you bring up my order for Sara's Pizza from last week?
You had 1 large pizza with one half Pepperoni and one half Mushroom.
Okay. Can you place the same order with one salad with house dressing?
Just the salad.
1 large pizza with one half Pepperoni and one half Mushroom and a salad with house dressing.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm looking to order barbeque food for takeout.
I'm going to need just a polled porched sandwich, a side of potato salad and I'll have a sweet tea to drink.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Burritos.
What style of burritos would you prefer?
Yeah, Mexican burritos. Is that what you mean? I didn't know there was more than one style.
Okay, Sure thing. Mexican burritos.
Okay, I've got three orders. For the first one I want a chicken burrito and I'm guessing that comes with rice and beans.
Chicken burrito does come with rice and beans and also sour cream and guacamole.
And I want the beef burrito wrapped with only guacamole on it.
A beef burrito wrapped with guacamole. You got it.
Okay, Right. And for the third order I need a bean burrito.
And for your last order you need a bean burrito. Would you like anything to drink with it?
Yes. Do you have tea? Can I get that barley gallon sweet tea?
Okay, let me get two half gallons. Also I'd  like some chips with some cheese dip.
Two 1/2 gallons of barley gallon sweat tea and some chips with cheese dip. Right?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need to order take-out poke for three people.
Ok, what kind of poke bowls?
Octopus with wasabi, one salmon with fish raw and one vegetarian avocado.
Okay, octopus with wasabi, salmon with fish raw and one vegetarian avocado.
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to take out some Chinese food.
I have three people.
I'd like some sweet and sour chicken and duck soup.
Two shots of sake.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Can I get two medium pizzas?
One with anchovies and one with pineapple and the side salad.
So, you would like to order two medium pizzas one with anchovies and one with pineapple. Is that correct?
Right and a side salad.
Do they offer tomatoes as the topping?
Yeah, I'd like that on the pineapple pizza.
So, just to confirm you would like to order two medium pizzas one with Anchovies. Is that your order?
And one with pineapple with tomatoes.
Yeah and the side salad.
A side of salad, is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order gyros for three people.
What kind of Gyros?
One with taco meat.
Chicken.
Your orders are three gyros. one with taco meat, 1 chicken, is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like some help ordering some food for take out, Greek food.
What would you prefer in Greek food?
I'd like a Hira. I don't want tomatoes on that lamb with extra Tzatziki sauce.
I'd like black fries also with that and a Greek salad with no tomatoes.
Just to confirm your order would be black fries, Small Greek salad with no tomatoes but with extra Tzatziki sauce?
Diet cocktail Pepsi which I already have.
One Diet Pepsi added to your order.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi there, I want to order some takeout for three.
I prefer Thai food.
Thai food, sounds good. What would you like to order?
Well, I'd like three orders of Cow Fat Kung.
3 orders of Cow Fat Kung?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout for two people.
I would like two hot dogs with only mustard on them.
"Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes"
Looks like you ordered one large pizza with pepperoni and mushroom.
That's correct. I'd like to add one brownie, if that's possible.
One brownie. Sure. I've added that to the order.
One large pizza with pepperoni and mushroom and one brownie, is that correct?
Okay, your order will be ready for pick-up with in 20 minutes.
I'd like to order out tonight. Order some take-out food Chinese.
I can help you order Chinese takeout. How many people are you ordering for?
Three people.
I like some sweet and sour chicken, egg rolls and fortune cookie.
Salmon, egg rolled and sweet and sour chicken and fortune cookie.
Yeah, sweet and sour chicken, four egg rolls, and fortune cookie.
Okay, so to review order I have three sweet and sour chickens three orders of egg rolls and 3 fortune cookies. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Oh yes, I'd like Burrito for myself, please.
I can help you with that, what would you like with your burrito?
I'd like steak and cheese, extra salad, green tomatoes, jalapenos, saucer on the side mild please, and a large Coke.
Okay, I have a steak and cheese burrito with extra sour cream Tomatoes Jalapenos and Mild Salsa on the side and a large Coke.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need help ordering takeout food.
I want to order Greek food, it will be for three people. And I want to get an order of moussaka, an order of souvlaki, an order of lamb chops, and also an order of baklava for us to share.
And also an order of baklava for us to share.
So, your order is one order of moussaka, 1 order of souvlaki, 1 order of lamb chops, and baklava.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order some takeout for two people.
Greek food.
Greek salad.
Would you like anything else besides your Greek salad?
A red wine in a bottle.
One greek salad, And a bottle of red wine. Does that sound correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order take-out.
I would like a medium Pepperoni pizza.
One - medium pepperoni pizza, is that correct?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need take out food for three people, I'm looking for soup.
Take out for 3?
Soup, sounds good.
I need to order three large bowls of soup consisting of clam chowder. I also need to order another three small bowls of beef stew, the beef stew needs to have cheese, roast beef, red onions, carrots and lettuce in it.
3 large bowls of soup clam chowder another 3 small bowls of beef stew with cheese and roast beef with lettuce, red onions and carrots, will that complete your order?
I need to order three large bowls of soup consisting of clam chowder. I also need to order another three small bowls of beef stew, the beef stew needs to have cheese, roast beef, red onions, carrots and lettuce in it. That would complete.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant, I'm looking to order some take-out food for just one person and I'd like to order some Mexican food, please.
Mexican, that's an excellent choice.
So, I'd like to order two tacos, chicken tacos with guacamole on the side with refried beans.
So 2 chicken tacos with guacamole on the side and deep fried beans.
Yeah, I would like margarita.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Larry's Grill.
Larry's grill. Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both. Is that right?
I'd like to get one salad with house dressing.
One salad with house dressing? Sure. I've added that to the order. Anything else?
Okay. Let me confirm what you have, two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both And one salad with house dressing.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Your welcome. Goodbye.
Hello, I would like to order soup for two people, please.
Okay, soup for two. Correct?
Correct. One large beef parsley, one large vegetable & two pieces of saldo bread.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Can I have Thai food for takeout for one person?
Can I have Pad Thai?
What kind of meat would you prefer?
Beef.
Just to confirm, you would like to order one Pad Thai with beef. Is that correct?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order for two burritos.
Okay, I'd like one stake burrito with black beans, tomato sauce, and guacamole and the one burrito with chicken, cilanto rice, pinto beans, and guacamole and cheese.
Okay, this is what I have. One steak burrito with black beans, tomato sauce and guacamole and another burrito with chicken, cilantro rice, pinto beans, guacamole and cheese. Is that correct?
And I'd also like a side of chips and guacamole.
I will add a side of chips and guacamole.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I like to take out some pizza at Steers Pizza. I'd like to repeat my last order.
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had 1 large pizza with one-half pepperoni and one-half mushroom.
And don't forget one salad with house dressing on it.
Let me confirm your order. 1 large pizza with one-half pepperoni and one-half mushroom and one salad with house dressing, is there anything else to add?
Can you add a large iced tea too, please?
One large iced tea added to the order.
Let me confirm what you have ordered. 1 large pizza with one-half pepperoni and one-half mushroom and 1 large iced tea and one salad with house dressing.
Okay, Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, today I need your help ordering food for take out. I ordered food last weekend at Casa Sanchez. I'm looking to reorder the same thing.
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans.
Yep. That's correct. Now I'm looking to add two ice teas to that.
2 iced teas? sure. I've added that to the order.
Okay. Let me confirm what you have: 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans and 2 iced teas.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome, thank you for your help today, 20 minutes is good timing for me.
Hello, I'd like to order Hot dogs for one.
Can I get a Coney Island Hot dog with mustard onions, cheddar and chili sauce and then also a West Virginia Hot dog with mustard onion, coleslaw and chili sauce?
Okay, this is what I have one Coney Island hot dog with mustard onions cheddar cheese and chili sauce and one West Virginia hot dog with mustard coleslaw, and chili sauce.
Yes, could I also get a side of fries?
Can I also get a small fry?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order burritos for myself and my wife.
Could I have, one chicken burrito, with white rice, pinto beans, salsa, and guacamole?
Yes, I'd like one burrito with chicken, white rice, pinto beans, lettuce, tomato and guacamole.
I'd like a steak burrito with pinto beans, guacamole, sour cream, lettuce, tomato, and onion.
Steak burrito with white rice, kidney beans.
Peppers, onions, lettuce.
And I'll have a double wrap, please?
So, I got one burrito with chicken, white rice, black beans, lettuce, tomato and guacamole. Steak burrito with pinto beans, guacamole, sour cream, lettuce tomato and onion. A steak burrito with white rice, kidney beans, hot sausage, peppers, onions, lettuce and have that double tortilla wrap.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I like to order takeout for three people please.
Three chicken sandwiches.
3 orders of chicken sandwiches.
Yes, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, maize.
Ketchup and three orders of large fries and three large cokes.
3 orders of chicken sandwiches with lettuce, tomato, pickles, maize with three large fries and 3 large cokes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to order quick food for takeout for one person, please.
I'd like to place an order for a lamb gyro, honey puffs, and a can of 7Up.
1 lamb gyro honey puffs and a can of 7 up. Will that complete your order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I would like to order a gyros for myself, Please.
I'd like extra tomatoes and extra salad crane queens and a large more fries. Maybe a couple whole opinions as well, please. And this should be in a large cherry folk.
Gyro with tomatoes, Sour cream and jalapenos, Large order of fries, Large cherry folk.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi. I want to place a takeout order for two people.
What would you like to order for two people?
What about some sandwiches?
What kind of sandwiches?
Okay. For the first one I'd like you to get a Reuben on Rye.
With an order of fries.
So you said Reuben Sandwich with mustard and an order of fries.
Yeah, I need a Turkey and Swiss on a wheat whole bread with a less amount of mayonnaise and I'd like chips with that.
The Second one would be Turkey and Swiss on whole wheat bread with less tomatoes and mayonnaise.
Yes, and two diet cokes.
Just to confirm you would like to order two sandwiches.
1st Reuben Sandwich with Sauerkraut Mustard and an order of fries.
I'm sorry no Lettuce, I mean less tomatoes and mayonnaise.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I am looking to order some barbecue for takeout.
What type of barbecue?
Two people.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Beef Burgers and Spare Ribs.
I would like to order some kind of soup.
Do you have any kind of Asian chicken noodle soup?
May I suggest Chinese Napa Cabbage Soup?
On the side, I would suggest some spring rolls.
Your order is Chinese Napa Cabbage Soup with spring rolls on side. Is that correct to order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Thank you.
Hi, I wanted to reorder my order from last week at Larry's Grill.
Looks like you had two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both.
Yeah, that's right and can I add a brownie to that?
Okay. Let me confirm you have, two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both.
And one brownie.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to take out some food.
One person. Just me.
Barbecue beef.
A barbecue beef sandwich with a side order of fries.
A bbq beef sandwich with fries. Would you like anything else with this order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm looking for some Mexican takeout and I would like to order.
All right, I'd like an order of tostadas.
Ok. Tostadas.
All right, I'm going to try some mole.
I would like some tamales.
Okay. You want tostadas mole and tamales correct?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'm needing to order a takeout for one person. I need to open some gyros.
No, That's it. I just need to order one last beef gyro.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I need to order take out food for three people. I need a barbecue.
You need to take out for 3 people.
Yeah, I need to order a barbecue.
I think you said barbecue food.
I need to order three large pulled pork sandwiches.
Three large pulled pork sandwiches.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I'd like to place an order for takeout, please.
I'd like to reorder my last order from Sarah's Pizza.
Looks like you had, 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom.
That is correct. I would like to also add two iced teas, please.
2 iced teas? Sure. I've added that to the order.
1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom and 2 ice teas?
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order some takeout for three people.
I'm interested in some Greek food.
Let me get three Gyros.
Any drinks or sides with that?
Let me get a Greek salad, like a big one.
Let me just get the regular Greek dressing, like whatever the regular thing that they have is.
And then, let me get a large soda.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I like to order an Indian food to take out.
For two people.
Zaiwa.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello Assistant, I'd like to order some take out food for two people and I'd like to order some gyros.
Okay, and what type of gyros do you want?
I'd like to order one chicken gyro and one beef gyro with extra fatted cheese. And on the side I'd like French fries and a bottle of white wine with that and an extra peanut bread.
One chicken gyro and one beef gyro with extra fatted cheese, an order of french fries, peanut bread and a bottle of white wine. Does that sound right?
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Enjoy your dinner.
Hi, I need to order takeout for three people.
I wanted to order hot dogs. For the first order, can I have a hot dog with chili and cheese?
For the second hot dog, can I have honey, I'm sorry, mustard, ketchup, and relish?
And for the third hot dog, could I have ketchup, relish, and sauerkraut?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to get two burritos for takeout. One regular chicken burrito and one regular bean burrito.
Two burritos for takeout one regular chicken and one regular Bean, sure thing.
Yeah, can I also get a large Nacho Supreme?
Okay, One large nacho Supreme.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello assistant. I'd like to order some pasta, please.
For three people.
I'd like to order some spaghetti and meatballs for three. And a Caesar salad on the side. I'd like some, you know, hard-crusted bread. And for dessert, we would like some tiramisu.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Great. I'll be there to pick it up. Thank you.
Hi. I'd like to order some barbecue chicken and I'd like to have sweet and sour sauce on it. Can you help me with that for takeout?
Can you help me with that for takeout?
I can help you with your takeout order. Okay. Just to confirm. You wanted BBQ chicken with sweet and sour sauce. Is that correct?
Okay. Just to confirm. You wanted BBQ chicken with sweet and sour sauce. Is that correct?
Yes. Can you put aside a fries with that?
Got it, ordering some fries as well ketchup.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello Assistant. I'd like to order take out food for three people. Italian food, please.
I'm going to order some cheese ravioli with a side of antipasto salad and I would like you know some crispy bread on the side and some Diet Coke, as well.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to reorder a meal from Larry's Grill.
Looks like you had two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both. Is that right?
I would like to add one salad with house dressing.
A salad with house dressing. Sure. I've added that to the order.
Two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both and salad with house dressing.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Today, I need your help getting food for take-out. I'm looking today to get some barbecue for one person.
Well, today, I'm looking to get two pulled pork sandwiches and a medium Hi-C drink.
Okay, so, two pulled pork sandwiches and a medium Hi-C drink. Is that all for today?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, awesome. I'll be waiting for that in 20 minutes. Thank you for your help putting together this meal.
Hello Assistant, I'd like to order some takeout food for just myself. And I'd like to order some gyros, Please.
I can help you with that. What kind of Gyros and how many you would like to order?
I'd like to order just one gyro, a chicken gyro with extra sauce and on the side, I'd like some French fries and a Diet Coke.
Just to confirm, You would like to order one chicken gyro with extra sauce, Fries and one diet coke.
Is that correct? Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to order takeout for three, please.
I would like a chicken parmesan with alfredo, lasagna, beef lasagna and spaghetti, please.
Just a moment. Your order is chicken parmesan with alfredo, lasagna, beef lasagna and spaghetti.
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to place an order for pick-up.
Like two beef burritos with Mexican style rice, beans, lettuce, saucer, guacamole and cheese.
I would like 2 beef burritos.
I'd like those with Mexican style rice, guacamole, salsa and sour cream.
2 beef burritos with mexican style rice, guacamole, salsa and sour cream.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I was wanting to order Italian, takeout for two.
I was thinking two orders of chicken parmesan and garlic bread with both of those and a 2-L of mountain dew and that'll be it for me.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I am interested in ordering some poke.
Hello, what type of poke do you need?
Hey, can you get me some tuna poke and as well as octopus poke?
Yes, I need two tuna pokes and one octopus poke.
Any more side dishes salads or drinks do you require?
Yes sure, can you give me Swiss sauce with the pokes.
Yes, they come with organic soy sauce, is that okay for you?
Okay, you required two tuna poke and one octopus poke and a side of soy sauce to go along with it.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order takeout for two people.
Italian food.
I would like to order two orders of Lasagne.
Any sides or drinks with that?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi there. I'm looking for food for take-out for two. I'd like to order some gyros.
Can I get two gyros with no tomatoes on them?
Two Gyros with no tomatoes.
Gyros, okay.
And a 2 liter of Mountain Dew.
And a two liter of Mountain Dew. Sure.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order barbecue food for take-out for three people.
I would prefer barbecue chopped chicken with a side of barbecue beans.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'm going to order take-out.
I want Greek food.
Three people.
Chicken Pita.
Chicken Pita for all three?
I want a Greek salad as well, a big one.
Three chicken pitas and a large Greek salad.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Oh, I need to order some food in particular breakfast burritos for two people.
Just to confirm breakfast burritos for 2 people?
First one, I'd like eggs, potatoes, onions, bacon, and tomato.
And in the second one, I would like eggs, potatoes, onions, and sausage.
1st one will contain egg potato, onions, bacon and tomatoes.
Just to confirm the 2nd one will be with egg, potato, onions, sausage.
Do you need additional sauce?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm looking to order some Thai food for takeout.
Okay. I can help you order some Thai food. How many people are you ordering for?
It's going to be for two people.
Okay, for the first one I just need some Pad Thai noodles.
And water to drink and that's going to be for the first person.
What size Pad Thai noodles would you like?
Just medium.
And then for the second order, I'm going to need an order of drunken noodles, a medium on that too, and a Pepsi to drink. That's going to be it.
Okay. So to review your order: I have one medium Pad Thai with a water and one medium drunken noodle with a Pepsi, is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order some Greek food for three people in take out.
Okay, Greek food for 3 got it, what would you like?
I'd like something that's slightly light and not that expensive and I like chicken.
Okay, How about chicken slouvaki skewers?
Okay, 3 chicken slouvaki. Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order food for take out for two people, please.
I will like to order Octopus poke, Ahi poke, to cancel this Orange soda, a side of corn. That will be all.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, Today I need your help finding food for takeout for one person. I'm looking to order some pizza.
I'm looking to get a medium buffalo chicken pizza.
Just to confirm you would like to order a medium buffalo chicken pizza?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, 20 minutes is good timing for me. That's not too long to wait. And I'll be ready to pick it up. So, thank you for your help today.
Hello, I'd like to reorder a meal from Crabs Fantastic.
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe. Is that right?
I like to add one salad with house dressing.
A house salad with house dressing I've added that to the order. Anything else?
Okay, let me confirm what you have: two burgers well done with everything on them and sweet potato fries with both burgers and a house salad with house dressing, 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe and a house salad with house dressing.
Okay, your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order take out for a good breakfast burrito. For one person I don't know if I mention that.
For one person I don't know if I mention that.
Take out for a breakfast burrito for one. Any side dishes or drinks?
Side dish, Some grits, And drink is medium orange juice.
Breakfast burrito, Some grits, And medium orange juice.
Actually let me mention that in the burrito, Can I get it with ham?
Ham inside your breakfast burrito.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, today I need your help ordering the same food for takeout that I ordered last week. I'm looking to order from Crepe's or Crepe Fun-Tastic.
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had two burgers well done with everything on them and sweet potato fries with both burgers. Is that right?
Yeah, that's correct. I'm looking to order that same thing, but I'm also looking to add a brownie to it, so add one brownie please.
Okay. Let me confirm what you have: two burgers well done with everything on them and sweet potato fries with both burgers and one brownie?
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome. 20 minutes is good timing for me. I'll be ready to pick it up. Thank you for your help today. Bye.
Hello, I just need to order take-out food for three people. I need to order some pork food.
Anything else in addition to pork food?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need to order food for takeout.
I'm looking to order an Italian food.
Okay, what would you like to order from the Italian restaurant?
I want a large pizza.
And what would you like on your pizza?
I want pepperoni and bacon.
Okay, one large pepperoni pizza with bacon. Anything else?
And, then I want a side of cheese garlic bread.
I will add a side of cheese garlic bread to your order.
And, then I want a large Coca-Cola.
The Italian restaurant only has Pepsi, is that okay?
I will add the large Pepsi to your order, anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I need an order of fajitas. I want beef fajitas, no guacamole, no onions, beef enchiladas with no guacamole and then I need an order of beef enchiladas with a side order of refined beans.
Beef fajitas , beef enchiladas, side order of re-fried beans, (no guacamole).
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
20 minutes? Okay.
I'd like to order porkfish salad food takeout for three people, Please.
Barbecue ribs.
Order is a porkfish salad and BBQ ribs?
Ok, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order burgers for two.
I can help you with your takeout order.
Okay, I'd like one burger to be cooked medium rare with cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickles, onions, ketchup, and mustard.
And then, I like the other burger, cooked medium low with provolone bacon, sweet and spicy pepper jelly, and lettuce.
One burger cooked medium rare with cheddar cheese lettuce tomato pickles onions ketchup and mustard.
The other burger cooked medium well with provolone cheese bacon sweet and spicy pepper jelly and lettuce.
Yes, perfect. And can I get them both on Ciabatta buns?
I will request Ciabatta buns for both burgers.
Perfect, a side of French fries, and a side of sweet fries.
I heard a side of french fries and a side of sweet fries, is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, can you help me with Chinese food for take out?
Okay. I want something like a combo chicken which is kind of spicy full chicken, do they have that?
Okay. Some chicken fried rice and can I get some egg rolls as well?
Two people.
Okay, then order two of them.
Yeah, I'd like to get some sauce for two orders.
And I'd like to order some drinks, do they have 2-liter sodas or do they have small ones?
2-liter sodas are available.
Pepsi.
Okay, let me get a large Pepsi and a 2-liter diet Pepsi.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today I need your help getting take-out for one person. I'm looking to get Italian food.
Take out for one Italian sounds good.
Take out for one Italian sounds good. What would you like?
Yes. I'm looking to get a medium pan full of mussels and marinara sauce. And that's pretty much it.
One medium pan full of muscles in marinara sauce will that complete your order?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome, I'll be ready to pick it up in 20 minutes. Thank you for your help today.
I would like to order take out Chinese food for three people, please.
Yes, I do. I'd like one beef and broccoli.
One sweet and sour chicken.
and six egg rolls.
Would you like any drinks with that?
"Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi, Can you pull up my last order from Sarah's Pizza? I want to get it again.
Food for 2 people: one large pepperoni pizza, One 2 liters of sprite, One brownie.
Can you add two iced teas to that order?
Food for 2 people: one large pepperoni pizza, One 2 liters of sprite, One brownie and two iced teas.
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need to order a food for takeout.
For two people.
I would prefer Burritos.
Perfect and what would you like with Burritos?
I want a Sausage and Egg Burritos.
Vegetarian Burrito.
Add two hot coffees.
Would you like cream and sugar with those coffees?
One Sausage and Egg Burrito and one vegetarian Burrito and two hot coffees with cream and sugar. Does this sound correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant, I would like order some Thai food for just myself to takeout.
I'd like to order some chicken Thai curry with brown rice and mixed vegetables.
Just say a Diet Coke.
One Diet Coke?
Just to confirm you would like to order one chicken thai curry with brown rice and mixed vegetables.
One diet coke.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order take-out Italian for three people, please.
Like one lasagna with meat sauce and side of two meatballs, one spaghetti with two meatballs, six pieces of soda bread, three cannolis.
One lasagna with meat sauce with 2 meat balls, one vegetable lasagna, one spaghetti with two meatballs, with sourdough bread and 3 cannolis.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order some soup.
No, But it's just going to be for one person.
Got it. Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order some Mexican food.
For three people. I'd like to order some enchiladas with re fried beans, and some Mexican rice, and taco salad.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to place an order for take-out, please.
I'd like medium size trays of lasagna, please.
2 medium sized trays of lasagna.
And can I also get two sides of bread and butter, please?
And two sides of bread and butter.
That's all I will need for tonight and that'll be for a pickup, please.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order takeout.
Looking for Greek. Maybe some gyros.
Three.
How many gyros?
Let me get three.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order a poke bowl for one.
Sure, poke bowl. Got it.
I'd like the base to be white rice.
Okay, white rice base.
And I like cooked shrimp.
Cooked shrimp. Okay.
Teriyaki seasoning.
Teriyaki seasoning. Got it.
And can I get side Crab salad?
Side crab salad.
Side crab salad. Anything else?
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order soup for two people.
Okay, what kind of soup?
Can I get a vegetarian autumn squash soup and then a turkey chili?
Your order is a vegetarian autumn squash soup and turkey chili, is that correct?
And you want to add 2 Chai teas to your order, is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'm looking for pizza, to take out for three people?
Okay, what kind of pizza would you like?
We would like pepperoni, jalapeno and sausages on the pizza, please.
Find a big size pizza if you can find.
And three large cokes.
Pepperoni, jalapeno and sausage extra large with 3 large cokes.
That'll be it but you know what, maybe mozarella sticks as well.
One order of mozzarella sticks.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, Today I need your help. I Am planning to get food for take out for one person. I Am looking into getting hot dogs.
What kind of hot dogs would you prefer?
I am looking for chili, chili-cheese dogs. Just hot dogs with chili cheese on it as well sour kraut, And that's it.
Just to confirm your order, chili cheese hot dog and sour kraut?
Thank you, Would you like to add anything to drink?
Yes. I would like a bottle of water.
Bottle of water added to your order.
Would like to add sauce?
Ketchup would be good on the hot dog.
Additional ketchup added.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order take-out for one person, please.
I can help you with your takeout order, what would you like to order?
I need to order pizza.
Okay, what kind of toppings would you like on your pizza?
Can I get bacon, pineapple, ham and pepperoni?
Okay, I have a pizza with bacon pineapple ham and pepperonis. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I need to order take-out food for three people and I need some soup.
What kind of soup?
I need to order three bowls of chili.
Just to confirm you would like to order three bowls of chili soup?
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes"
I would like to order a Burrito.
I would like some salsa and sour cream on the side.
Burrito with salsa and sour cream on the side, is that right?
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello there, I need some help with a takeout order at a burger place.
Okay, great! What kind of burger you would like to have?
I'd like a double cheese burger with lettuce, tomato, honey mustard sauce and a fried egg.
Honey mustard sauce and a fried egg.
And next, I'd like a big potato.
And to top it off, I'd like a small chocolate shake.
One double cheeseburger with lettuce, tomatoes, honey, mustard sauce and a fried egg and also one baked potato and a small chocolate shake to top it all off. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'm looking to order pasta for take-out.
I can help you order pasta for takeout. How many people will you be ordering for?
It's going to be for three people.
The first order is just going to be a order of spaghetti and a Coca-Cola.
That one's going to be a order of ravioli with a Coca-Cola and some garlic bread.
And then we're going to do an order of spaghetti with a water.
To confirm your order. I have one order spaghetti with a Coke. The second order ravioli with a garlic bread side and a coke. And the last order is spaghetti with a water, Is that correct?
I have your personal details on file and your order will be ready for pick up in 30 minutes.
Hi, I want to take an order for three people.
I want to get some Indian food for three people take out.
Indian food with specials for 3 people.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I like to get takeout for one person, please. I like to have one hot dog with mustard on it, I like a sauce onion rings and 2L Pepsi, Please.
Okay, here's what I have. One hot dog with mustard, a side order of onion rings and a 2 L of Pepsi.
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
I'd like to order some soup for two people.
What kind of soup would you like to order?
Two orders of split pea soup and one order of tomato soup with a side of saltines.
No, that's it. And can you make sure that saltines are free or do they charge for those?
There's a minimum charge for that.
Just to confirm, you would like to order two split pea soup and one tomato soup. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order takeout.
I would like Thai food.
I would like three orders of pad Thai.
Three orders of pad Thai.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order take-out for one person.
I'd like to order one pepperoni pizza.
Medium.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'm looking to get some Chinese food.
I would like four fried wontons, a seafood cup and a side of rice.
Just for one. Chinese food for one person.
Okay, just to confirm you would like to order 4 fried wantons, a seafood cop and a side of rice.
Yeah. Can I get pepper with the rice?
Pepper added to the order.
You would like to order 4 fried wantons, a seafood cup and a side of rice with pepper. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order barbecue for two.
Can I get a pork sandwich for one of them?
And a brisket sandwich for the other.
Two sides of coleslaw and two sides of baked beans.
And then two ice teas, sweet.
I think that covers everything, maybe extra barbecue sauce.
-Pork Sandwich -Brisket sandwich -2 sides of cole slaw -2 sides of baked beans -2 sweetened iced teas -extra bar b que sauce.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to reorder a meal from Krebs fantastic.
Looks like you had 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa & 1 chicken taco platter with re-fried beans. Is that right?
I would like to add one brownie to the order.
1 brownie. Sure, I've added that to the order.
Okay. Let me confirm you have: 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa & 1 chicken taco platter with re-fried beans and 1 brownie, is it correct?
You are welcome. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order takeout for two people.
I would like to order two pork yeeros.
Just to confirm, you would like to order two pork yeeros. Is that correct?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order for three people.
I'd like to order three orders of Pad Thai.
Three orders of Pad Thai.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, I was wondering if I can order some takeout food for three people.
You would like to order take out food for three people?
Yes, Indian food. Okay, for the first one I'd like to order vegetable masala.
Sure, Indian food. What are the desired dishes? An order of vegetable masala.
Okay, and for the second-order, I'd like tandoori chicken.
An order of tandoori chicken.
For the third order, I'd like shrimp and chicken kebab.
And a shrimp and chicken kebab.
And also, I would like to get three salads for that, two with range stressing one without. And that's all.
Sure, three salads. Two with ranch, one with thousand islands.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I need to make a carryout order for Indian food, please.
Two.
I'd like two orders of tandoori chicken.
Two cokes, please.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I was looking to order some pizza for take out.
I wanted to get a large supreme pizza for two people and 2 liters of coke and some bread sticks.
Just to confirm you would like to order one large supreme pizza with two liters of coke and bread sticks, is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order some Indian food for takeout for one person, please.
Durham, North Carolina.
No, just Indian food takeout. Can I give you my order?
One Aloo Mattar, extra rice,one naan and onion chutney.
Can you tell me when my order will be ready for pick up?
And onion chutney. Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi there, I need to order hot dogs for three people for take out, please.
Hot dogs for 3, got it. What would you like with it?
So I want two regular sized Ball Park Franks one with extra onion and mustard and the other one with ketchup and relish and the third hot dog I'd like is the Chicago style chopped boil with relish with a lot of mustard and with celery salt on top.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi assistant, I'm looking for take out food and would like some burgers today, can you help me?
I'm looking for a burger maybe not too fat with a lot of toppings like, I would love picos and onions, catch up, cheese with the whole wheat bun.
Do you want lean meat too?
Yeah, actually, I'm trying to lose some weight so, lean ground beef will be great.
So your whole wheat bun with lean meat and pickles and cheese order is accepted.
Okay, let me know when I can pick it up.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order a takeout Indian food for one person.
Like to order of butter chicken. And want to order a naan. And that completes my order.
Would you like a drink with that?
"Okay. Can I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hello, I'd like to order gyros for two people.
Okay, what kind of Gyros?
Can I get Alamia with tomato lettuce?
And then also a chicken gyro with tomatoes, lettuce, onions, picos.
You said tomato, ketchup, onions, pickles and I am sorry I missed the last part.
No, catch up but tzatziki sauce.
1 lamb hero and 1 chicken hero with tomato, ketchup, onions, pickles and tzatziki sauce.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, could you help me order some takeout for two people? I'm looking for a barbecue, and I'm specifically looking for ribs, both cow ribs, and pig ribs.
Cal ribs and pig ribs from some barbecue place you got it.
Did you prefer grill smoked or smoked?
Definitely Smoked one.
Smoked it is, you got it
I think so, you know. Like I'd say add a side of fries just in case we feel like eating french fries, but probably we're just going to lay the end of the meat.
Good thinking with a side of fries.
OK. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order two poke bowls.
Can I get a white rice base for one and a brown rice base for the other?
One white rice base and brown rice base poke bowl, got it.
Can I get salmon as the fish for both?
And then Teriyaki sauce for the white rice bowl and Wasabi sauce for the brown rice bowl.
Perfect. Could I get avocado added to the one with white rice?
Yes, added avocado to white rice.
Any drinks?
Would you have lemonade available?
Yes, lemonade is available.
Awesome. Then, I'll get lemonade for two.
Okay, two lemonades.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order two large double cheeseburgers.
Just to confirm, you would like to order two large double cheeseburgers.
To one of them, please add three strips of bacon, ketchup and mustard.
One of them would be with 3 strips of bacon ketchup and mustard.
Okay, the other one was mayonnaise, ketchup, lettuce and tomato.
Okay, other one would be with mayonnaise ketchup lettuce and tomato.
Just to confirm. You would like to order two large double cheeseburgers. One of them would be with 3 strips of bacon, ketchup and mustard other one would be with mayonnaise, ketchup, lettuce and tomato.
Would you like me to add some fries to it?
Would you prefer anything to drink?
Diet Coke and a regular Coke.
Fries, diet Coke and a regular Coke has been added to your order.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order some food for three people.
I'd like to order Greek food with like 3 gyros plates fries and 3 large coke. with Extra onions and ketchup as well.
Extra onions and ketchup on the side as well, please.
Okay, Placing order for 3 gyros plates fries, 3 large coke and extra onion with ketchup on the side.
That would be available within 45 minutes.
Hi. Could you help me with ordering takeout for three people?
I wanted to order pasta. Could I have one order of fettucine alfredo?
And one order of linguini and white clam sauce.
Just to confirm you would like to order; one order of fettuccine alfredo pasta, one order of shrimp with linguine sauc and one order of linguine and white clam sauce.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to get a Chika for one person. I like Indian food.
And with the Indian food I want a side dish of potato wedges.
Would you like to order chicken curry?
Oh yeah, definitely I love chicken curry. We'll go at chicken curry.
Okay, I have an order of chicken curry a side dish of wedges and hot tea.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome, I'll come down at 20 minutes to pick it up. Thank you.
I'd like to order some take-out for one person.
Okay, I can help you order takeout. Go ahead with your order.
I would like one order of pork.
Okay, so I have one pork bowl. Anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I am looking for some barbecue tonight.
Okay, barbecue. Got it.
Pulled pork sandwich and salad chips.
What sizes do those pulled pork sandwiches come in?
One pulled pork sandwich with a side of chips.
Yeah, can you make sure I get some silverware with that?
And silverware, got it.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order a takeout for three people. Some Thai food, please.
What would you like to order in Thai food?
We'd like two orders of Tom yum, three orders of Thai fried rice and one order of Nun Tak.
And three large cokes to go with that, please.
Two orders of Tom yum.
Three Thai fried rice.
1 Nun Tak.
And three large cokes. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to re-order some take out food.
Sarah's pizza.
Looks like you had 1 large pizza with one-half pepperoni and one-half mushroom. Is that right?
I would like to add one brownie to the order.
One brownie, sure. I've added that to the order.
1 large pizza with one-half pepperoni and one-half mushroom and 1 brownie.
Ok, your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, so I'd like to order a barbecue to take out for three people.
What kind of BBQ?
I'd like chicken, ribs and barbecue ribs.
Your order is 3 BBQ chicken with ribs.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello Assistant, I'd like to order some take out food for two people.
I can help you order takeout. Go ahead with the first person's order.
Okay, I would like to order some breakfast burritos. The first person would like ham and cheese and egg burrito with the hash brown potatoes on the side and orange juice and coffee.
The second person would like something similar. Breakfast burrito with extra salsa, a ham and cheese and like egg whites and hash brown potatoes on the side and coffee.
To confirm your order, I have one breakfast burrito ham and cheese with egg. Hash browns on the side with an orange juice and a coffee. I also have another breakfast burrito with extra salsa ham cheese and egg whites. Hash browns on the side with a coffee, is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Can you help me to find some Thai takeout food for two people?
We would like some Tom-Yum-Goong and some Pad Thai with hot yellow bean sauce.
Your order is Tom-Yum-Goong, Pad Thai with hot yellow bean sauce. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'm looking to get some poke for three people.
What exactly is poke?
Poke is a raw fish salad served as an appetizer in Hawaiian cuisine.
Can I get three of those to go?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I just want to finish off that Italian order we had for two people.
So, here is your order, food for 2 persons: 2 plates of spaghetti, 2 bread rolls with extra butter, 2 cokes, is that correct?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Oh, thank you so much. I'll come down and grab it in 20 minutes. Have a nice day.
Yeah, I was wanting to order some Mexican food for take out.
Mexican food for take out. For how many people?
Oh yeah, I just wanted to get a taco plate, a side of nachos and Casso and then a coke.
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi, I like to order takeout pasta for two people, please.
Just to confirm you would like to order pasta for two people, Is it correct?
Correct. I'd like one lasagna with meat sauce and a side of two meatballs with two pieces of sourdough bread and two cannolis and that completes my order.
Just to confirm you would like to order one lasagna with meat sauce and a side of two meatballs, Is that correct?
That's correct for starters for the first item.
For the second you would like to order a veg lasagna, four pieces of sourdough bread and 2 cannolis, is that correct?
Is it spelled as C A N N O L I?
Yes, 2 cannoli added to the order.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I want to get some pasta.
I want to order some pasta, like for food take out.
Ok, pasta sounds good.
It needs to be big enough for three people.
What would you like? Ok, pasta for 3.
And then could you order a side of garlic bread?
One side of garlic bread.
Pasta for 3.
Okay, And then maybe a large soda like a Coke.
Ok, one large coke.
That's it, just add for three people.
Ok, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'd like to order some take-out food for two people.
I want pizza with mushrooms, green pepper, onions, pepperoni, and tomatoes. I'd also like a side of Caesar Salad and two diet cokes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I want to get a breakfast burrito.
Breakfast burrito got it.
It needs to be large enough for two people.
Okay for 2.
Yeap and give me a side of orange juice and then a coffee.
One side of orange juice and one coffee.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Can I get a Carne Asada breakfast burrito, please?
One breakfast burrito for 1 person?
Yes. Can I get a side of tortilla chips and cheese?
A Carne Asada breakfast burrito, no guacamole, a side order of tortilla chips with cheese and a 2-liter bottle of Orange Soda.
One Carne Asada breakfast burrito, no guacamole, side order of tortilla chips with cheese, 2-liter bottle of Orange Soda?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I would like to resume my takeout order.
Hi. Sure thing, will go ahead and resume your takeout order.
I would like two lamb gyros, and that's all.
You would like two lamb gyros. Is that correct?
Yes, it is correct. It is for one person.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout for two people.
Takeout for two. What would you like to order?
I would like to order two General Tso's chicken.
Two General Tso's chicken. Any other details or side dishes?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today, I'm looking to find food for take out for 2 people. Could you help me to find a place? I'm looking for burgers to eat.
Did you say Burgers?
I'm looking for something that is rated about 4 stars or more than 4.
I'm looking to get order of 2 large fries, a chocolate milk shake and 2 double cheese burgers.
Two large fries, chocolate milkshake and as well as two double cheeseburgers, is that correct?
And also a large sweet tea with the previous one.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need to order some sandwiches for three people.
Okay. For the first order, I'd like to get a French dip with a side of fries.
Let me get a reuben on rye with extra sauerkraut.
And I'd like to get a salad with that, with ranch dressing.
And for your last sandwich?
Yeah, I need to get a club sandwich with no tomatoes, with a side of fries.
And I'd like three large Cokes with that, too.
One french dip with a side of fries, one Reuben on rye with extra sauerkraut with a side salad with ranch dressing and one club sandwich, hold the tomatoes, and a side of fries. And three large Cokes. Does that sound correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
No problem, enjoy your dinner and have a great weekend.
I need to continue the order I was placing 15 minutes ago. It was for Mexican, for one.
Like I'd said before, I wanted chicken nachos.
I also wanted a order of chicken tacos and two chicken enchiladas and a order of regular guacamole and that comes with chips, and that was it.
Okay, so chicken nachos, chicken tacos, 2 chicken enchiladas and a order of guacamole with chips. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, could you help me with my take out order what I can get for me and my friends?
Well, I want to get some hot-dogs. But I needed enough for three people.
Hot dogs. What kind?
Maybe, there was like paleo sausages type of ones, whatever those are called?
Cheese dog?
Yeah, like the hot dogs. Like the Polish sausage bit three dogs.
Just to confirm that you would like to order 3 Polish Boy hot dogs. Is that correct?
Ok. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. Can you take a soup order?
It's just for me. Can I get some Polish mushroom soup?
Just me. Only one person.
Do you think starters would go well with that?
May be some soup.
Oh, so I'll pick up some soup too. Alright. Well, that should be. Can you get some starters on the side?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, there. I'm looking to order some Chinese food takeout.
I'd like three orders of sweet and sour pork.
Six spring rolls.
Three orders of chow mein.
And how about three orders of that sweet and sour chicken?
3 orders of sweet and sour pork, 6 spring rolls, three orders of chow mein and three orders of sweet and sour chicken.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout.
Indian.
Would you prefer a vegetarian or non-vegetarian?
Non-vegetarian.
How about butter chicken and garlic naan?
I would like two orders of tandoori chicken.
Okay, anything else apart from tandoori chicken?
Just to confirm your order is 2 tandoori chicken.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I want to order takeout for two people and I want pizza.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout burgers for two people.
Okay, what type of burgers?
First, I'd like a 1/2 lb cheeseburger with fried egg, lettuce, tomato and honey mustard sauce.
Then I'd like a side order of large fries.
Any drinks with that?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
You were ordering Mexican food?
Okay, Can I get take-out for one person please.
Can I get, let's see, Carne Asada fries with no guacamole and a 2 litres bottle of warm soda, And that'll be it.
Just to confirm you would like to order Carne Asada fries without guacamole and a 2 liters bottle of orange soda, is that correct?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I need to order takeout for three people. I'm looking to order some pasta.
Sure, what type of pasta would you like?
I need to order a family-size order of lasagna, with a side order of garlic bread.
Okay, I have a family size lasagna and a side order of garlic bread.
Okay, your order will be ready for pick up in 35 minutes. Enjoy your meal.
I want to order pasta, take out for three people, please.
Okay, pasta for 3. Got it.
First, I'd like a large spaghetti with two meat balls. Second, a dish of Chicken Alfredo. Third, a dish of lasagna with meat sauce. And fourth, a loaf of Italian bread. And that completes my order.
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I want to order take out for one person.
I want a burrito.
Okay, one burrito.
And I want rice.
Did you want rice in the burrito?
Okay sure thing, a rice burrito. What else?
And I want a large coke.
With a large Coke? Okay.
And then, one side salad besides it.
With a side salad, okay.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order some hot dogs to take out for three people.
Okay, how would you like these hot dogs?
Okay. Well, we're going to get to a piece of the total six. So four with mustard and sour kraut, two with mustard and relish.
Four hot dogs with mustard and kraut, and two with relish and mustard, anything else? Sides? Drinks?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I would like to order food for takeout for three people. The type of food I'm looking at is Breakfast Burritos.
Okay, do you have a place in mind for your Breakfast Burritos?
Yeah. I would it to be at Rincon Taqueria in Norwalk, Connecticut.
Okay what type of Burrito would you like from Rincon Taqueria?
Black Bean and Avocado Burrito with egg whites, spinach, mushroom, feta cheese burrito.
What would you like in your Burrito?
The first one, I would like black beans and avocado. The second one, I would like sweet potato, egg whites, black beans, and avocado. Third one, I would like spinach, mushroom, and feta cheese.
Okay, I'll place that order for Rinco Taqueria.
Hi, I'd like to take out Indian food for myself, please.
What would you prefer in Indian food?
One order of some mustard and another order of buttered chicken and a large water bottle.
Would you like to add some naan?
How many naans?
Two.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need to order takeout Burritos for three people, please.
Okay, burritos for 3.
Okay, Burritos for 3. What would you like to order Burrito preferences?
I like one bean and cheese, second one carne asada and the last one of chicken. And I'd like three sides those being sour cream, black beans, and yellow rice. And that completes my order.
And I'd like three sides those being sour cream, black beans, and yellow rice.
One bean and cheese one carne asada and one chicken with a side of sour cream, black beans and yellow rice.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
We want to order Greek food for take out for three people, please.
I'd like to order One gyro sandwich with sauce on the side, one order of misaka, one order of oven baked lamb with potatoes and 3 orders of baklava.
One gyro sandwich with sauce on the side, one order of misaka, one order of oven baked lamb with potatoes and 3 orders of baklava. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order take out for three people and I would like to order Italian food, please.
Ok, take out for 3 Italian food.
Give me two order spaghetti with extra meatballs and one order of fettuccine alfredo please and three large cokes, please.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order take-out for one person.
I'd like to order barbecue.
Barbecue, okay, you got it.
I'd like two barbecue sandwiches and two hot dogs.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I would like to order breakfast burritos for take out.
Ok, breakfast burritos. Sound good.
The first burrito, it should have, bacon, sausage, eggs and hash browns and the same thing for the second burrito.
Bacon sausage egg burrito with hash browns two of them. Got it.
Can I also add some salsa on the side, please?
Yes, salsa on the side. Anything else?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yes. Could you help me order some food for takeout?
Barbecue.
I'd like a rack of ribs, a full rack, with baked potato and some macaroni and cheese on the side.
Yeah. Can I get a large diet coke to go with that? Oh, and I need a salad too, with no tomatoes and ranch dressing.
Okay, a side salad with ranch, hold the tomato, a large diet coke, a full rack, baked potato and a side of mac. Does that complete your order?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I wanted to order some Greek food for takeout.
I wanted to get two gyros and a side of fries. And then I wanted to get 2 liters of Mountain Dew to drink.
Two gyros and a side of fries and 2 liters of Mountain Dew?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order a pizza.
Can I get a medium Pizza with mushrooms and bacon on it?
Can I get a bottle of coke?
Medium pizza with mushrooms and bacon and a bottle of coke.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I have been ordering Thai. Can we go back to the order I was placing an hour ago?
So, I had still wanted the same thing I had started with. I wanted pate with shrimp.
But, I'm not sure, I also said I wanted a side of coconut rice.
Your order is one Pad Thai with shrimp and a side of coconut rice?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I would like to order Chinese soup for three people.
We'd like two orders of ranch chicken and truffle fried rice and the third one will be bourbon chicken and truffle fried rice, two large sodas and one PepsiCos.
Two orders of ranch chicken and truffle fried rice, one order of bourbon chicken, and truffle fried rice two Pepsi and one Sprite, please.
Okay. Your orders are two orange chicken with shrimp fried rice. 1 Barber chicken with shrimp fried rice, with two Pepsi's and a Sprite.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi there, I'm looking to order pasta take out for three.
Hi there, I'm looking to order pasta take out for three. I'd like two orders of chicken fettuccine Alfredo, and one order of chicken parmigiana, and a 2 L of Mountain Dew.
2 chicken fettuccine alfredo and one order of chicken Parmesan and one 2 liter of mountain dew.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'm pretty hungry, so I'd like to order food for takeout, please. I would like to get some Italian food.
I can help you with that. What would you like to order in Italian food?
Can I get of one mustard chili and one order of spaghetti, please?
Do you want spaghetti with meatballs?
Can I also get two orders of Coca-Cola, please?
Regular Coke or Diet Coke?
That'll be Diet Coke, please.
Also could I get an extra thing of Parmesan on the side, please?
Just to confirm, you would like to order mustard chili and spaghetti with meatballs. 2 diet cokes and extra parmesan on the side.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order takeout for one person.
I would like one order of tomato basil soup.
Just to confirm, you would like to order one tomato basil soup.
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes".
Hi. I'd like to order takeout barbecue for two people.
I'd like one hot pork sandwich, one pulled chicken sandwich and two large orders of fries and that completes my order.
One pulled pork sandwich, one pulled chicken sandwich and two large orders of fries. Does that sound correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey, I'd like to order a sandwich for three people.
Can I get a BLT on a ciabatta bun with bacon, Lettuce, And tomato and no mayonnaise, A ham and turkey roll with Swiss cheese, A hoagie with American cheese, lettuce, And ham?
Perfect. And then can I get three Cokes with that as well?
Just one moment. BLT on a ciabatta bun with bacon lettuce and tomato, A turkey with Swiss cheese and a hoagie with American cheese with lettuce and ham and 3 cokes.
BLT on a ciabatta bun with bacon lettuce and tomato, a turkey with Swiss cheese and a hoagie with American cheese with lettuce and ham and 3 cokes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey, can I get some gyros?
What kind of gyros?
Two lamb gyros.
And leaf salads.
Do they have Caesar salad?
Can I get a medium Caesar salad?
2 beef gyros, 1 chicken gyro and a medium Caesar salad.
No, 2 lamb gyros and a chicken gyro.
And a medium Caesar salad.
2 lamb gyros, 1 chicken gyro and a medium Caesar salad.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant. I'd like to order a takeout food for myself and my wife. I'd like to get sandwiches and i would like to get one Reuben sandwich and one corn bean sandwich.
Just to confirm you would like to order two sandwiches.
1st Reuben sandwich and corn beef sandwich.
2nd corned beef sandwich. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need to takeout orders for three people, preferably Mexican food. Please, write this down.
2 Tacos, 2 Burritos and 2 Enchiladas.
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant, I'm looking to order some take out food and I'm trying to order some burgers.
I would like two medium burgers with lettuce and tomato and a whole wheat with tomato on the side.
Oh yeah and a side order of french fries.
2 medium burgers with lettuce on a whole wheat with tomato on the side and a side order of french fries.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I like to order one dish of butter chicken.
And some rice on the side and the large coke, please.
I have butter chicken, rice and the large coke.
One butter chicken and a side of rice and a coke.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Crepe's Fun-Tastic.
Looks like you had 1 Turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight Crepe. Is that right?
Can you add two iced teas, please?
Okay. Let me confirm what you have 1 Turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight Crepe and 2 iced teas.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order some take out food. Can you help me order some Indian food?
Yeah, I would like some Chicken Tikka Masala.
Would you like to add naan?
Can I get a salad, some kind of salad with that?
What kind of salad would you prefer?
Do you have like a house salad?
We have a salad with yogurt, onions and tomatoes.
And a large drink like a Coke or Pepsi, whichever one you got.
Would you like to try the mango lassi?
Just to confirm you would like to order Chicken Tikka Masala with Naan and salad?
And large coke.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yes, I would like to order two sandwiches for two different people, myself and a friend.
We would like two chicken subs, mayonnaise, mustard, tomatoes, lettuce, allopenos, cucumbers, something vinegar, please, and we would both like two large dr Peppers and that's it.
2 chicken subs with mayonnaise, mustard, tomatoes, mustard, lettuce, jalapenos, cucumbers, salt and pepper - 2 dr Peppers.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order take out for two people.
I would like to order two orders of Lasagne.
2 orders of Lasagne.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi there, I would like to order some take out Chinese food.
Okay, sure thing. Takeout Chinese food tonight?
Yeah, can I get two orders of sweet and sour chicken, two orders of shrimp fried rice, four spring rolls and 2 L of Mountain Dew, and I think that should be it.
You want 2 orders of sweet and sour chicken, two orders of shrimp fried rice, four spring rolls and a 2 liter of Mountain Dew. Is that correct?
Perfect, and any dessert?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, Assistant, I want to continue my takeout Chinese order that we previously discussed.
I have chicken chow mein on the order. I would like to add two egg rolls.
And chicken noodle soup.
Your order is chicken chow mein, with egg rolls, chicken noodle soup.
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi, I'm looking to order some take out for one person, I'd like to order a sandwich.
I want to order a BLT with one rye and a side order of potato chips.
This is only for one person.
Also, I think I want to add a medium Coca-Cola.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Three people.
A sausage breakfast buritto.
A vegetarian breakfast burrito.
A bacon breakfast burrito.
To confirm your order. I have one sausage breakfast burrito, one vegetarian breakfast burrito and one bacon breakfast burrito. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order take out for two people, please.
I'm looking for Thai food, please.
Do you have any suggestions for Thai food?
Thai Orchid, Thai Cafe Restaurant, Thai Recipe Cuisine.
Can I order a bowl of Pad Thai with a bowl of barbecue pork noodles?
Bowl of Pad Thai, bowl of BBQ pork noodles. Anything else?
Can I get a bowl of egg fried rice and a 2-L bottle of Pepsi?
Egg fried rice and a 2 liter of Pepsi, will that be all for you today?
It'll be ready in about 45 minutes.
Hi assistant, today I need your help finishing up a takeout order that I have for three people.
I have three burritos for breakfast. I'm looking for one with sausage egg and cheese, another one with just sausage and egg and another one with sausage cheese and relish.
Yes, I'm looking to get a burrito with sausage egg and cheese.
A burrito with sausage egg and cheese, as well as relish and that's it?
A burrito with sausage egg and cheese, one burrito sausage egg and cheese with relish and what was the last burrito?
I think it was just a sausage and egg and that's it.
Sausage, egg burrito. Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, awesome. I'll be ready to pick it up. I'm glad you can help me today with this. Thank you.
Hi, I'm looking for take out for one person, please.
I would like to order Chinese food, please.
I like, egg rolls, chow mein, orange chicken and a bowl of Wonton and a small thing of fry rice.
I like, egg rolls, chow mein, orange chicken and a bowl of Wonton and a small thing of fry rice.
Orange chicken, chow mein, wonton, and fried rice.
Yes and eagg rolls too and that will be it.
And egg rolls added.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order Mexican food.
Take out for three people, please.
We'd like three Steak Tacos, everything on the Tacos, two orders of Spanish rice, and three large Cokes, please. Think that should be it.
3 Steak Tacos with everything on it, two orders of Spanish rice and 3 large Cokes. Is that right?
"Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
I would like to reorder a meal from crape's fantastic.
Looks like you had 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar AND 1 Greek Delight crepe.
Add two ice teas to that order.
1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe and 2 ice teas.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, I ordered some food from Sarah's Pizza last weekend and I'd like to reorder the same thing.
Okay, sure thing. Let me see what you got. Okay, your last order from Sarah's pizza was 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom.
Okay, your last order from Sarah's pizza was 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom.
Yes, And I'd like to add a brownie to that.
Awesome, so along with all that, you would like to include a brownie too, is that correct?
Alright sure thing. So I have one large pepperoni pizza but it's half with mushroom and a brownie, do I have your order correct?
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'm trying to order some Chinese food for take out.
I would like to order some orange and dumplings.
How many orders of dumplings?
Enough for three.
3 orders of orange and dumplings. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need to order Indian food for take out .
Three.
For how many people you would like to order Indian food?
Two tandoori chicken and one butter chicken.
Just to confirm, you would like to order two tandoori chicken and one butter chicken.
Would you like to add some naan?
Would you prefer plain naan or garlic naan or butter naan?
Plain Naan.
Would you like to have anything to drink?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I was willing to order one tuna poke.
So, just to confirm you would like to order one tuna poke. Is it right?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I like to order a food for takeout for three people. I like sandwiches. We all want cheeseburgers. So that would be three cheeseburgers, we would like to have on the side three large fries with ketchup, and we also would like a 2 L of Pepsi. And that would be all we want.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, thanks a lot. I'll head over there in 20 minutes. Bye.
Yeah, I want to order some food for take out.
I can help you with your takeout order.
I'd like a burrito. Some burritos.
Burritos for how many people?
Just one. Just me.
What type of burrito would you like to order?
I want a chicken burrito. I'd also like to get some rice and beans with that and chips and cheese.
Okay, got it. You would like to order one spicy chicken burrito with rice and beans and an order of chips and cheese dip.
Yeah, and can I get a diet Coke or a diet Pepsi whatever diet. Wouldn't want to drink anything else?
I will add a Diet Pepsi to your order.
"Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Are you ready to retake my order? This is for two people. So, I need one green gazpacho and one vegetable lentil soup.
Food for 2 people one green gazpacho, one vegetable lentil soup?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Yeah, I'm ordering food for take out for two people, please. I'm looking for Gyros.
Okay, Gyros. I got it.
What toppings would you like on this Gyro?
I like sour cream. I would like a side of french fries too, please.
Maybe some ketchup.
I'd like it from a Greek place.
Sour cream, ketchup and a side of fries, got it.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, can I pick up some food for me tonight?
I'd really like medium pizza with bell peppers and Aunt Silvia's.
With one set of six-piece wings and two water bottles.
1 medium pizza with bell peppers and anchovies, a side order of wings and two water bottles. Does that sound correct?
Make sure the wings are buffalo wings.
Okay, how spicy would you like those?
Mild.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello assistant, I'd like to order some take-out food for two people.
Like to order a barbecue chicken, a half roasted chicken with a side order of potatoes. Also, some corn-on-the-cob and with extra barbecue sauce on the side and some lemonade.
You would like to order one BBQ chicken, half roasted chicken with the side of potato, Connor on the carbb.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah. I'd like to order take out Chinese food for my wife and myself.
I can help with your Chinese takeout order. what would you like to order?
And can I get the order of nodules and peggy sauce?
Okay, what type of noodles would you like?
Rice noodles.
Okay, one order of rice noodles with Peking sauce.
Can I have a large pork fried rice and a small chicken finger?
He would like one large order of pork fried rice and one chicken finger.
They smell chicken finger. Please.
A small chicken finger anything else?
And order of a large order crab rangoon, and peking ravioli.
One large order of crab rangoon and Peking ravioli. How about the drinks?
Yeah, could I have two diet Pepsi?
The Chinese restaurant only has Diet Coke. Is that okay?
I will add two Diet Cokes to order anything else.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hello Assistant, I need help ordering some food for take-out for three people.
Well, I'd like to order some barbecue food. So, I'd like to order some barbecue spare ribs, and with mashed potatoes on the side and extra barbecue sauce and also we know some mixed vegetables and a bottle of wine on the side.
Okay barbecue spare ribs with BBQ sauce, a bottle of wine, and mashed potatoes.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order takeout for two people.
I would like one large pepperoni pizza.
Okay, Do you have any places in mind for your large pepperoni pizza?
How does Round Table Pizza, Mountain Mike's Pizza or Premier Pizza sound?
I'll order one large pepperoni pizza from Round Table.
Hi, I would like to order take out for one person, please.
I'm looking for Mexican food.
I need a Chimichanga with no guacamole, a carne asada burrito with no guacamole and order of Menudo.
Okay, I have a Chimichanga with no guacamole, a carne asada burrito with no guacamole and order of Menudo.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like takeout food for two people.
I'd like lamb shanks, spanakopita and an order of Bacopa.
Okay. Hold on just a second. One order of spanakopita, lamb shanks and bacopa?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'm looking to takeout for three people, please.
Barbecue food.
Okay bbq food, what kind?
I'm looking for the barbecued ribs and barbecued chicken.
1 order of ribs and 1 order of bbq chicken.
Maybe some corn and chicken wings.
Side of corn and wings.
Any drinks?
Can I get a 2 L of Coca-Cola?
2 liter coke.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi assistant. I'm really hungry. I think I'm going to order for myself. I want to get some barbecue. I'd like to get an order of ribs.
You said you would like to order some ribs with stuffed baked potatoes?
And collard greens?
That's perfect. That's the entire order. I have the drinks at home.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order take out for two people.
I would like Thai food. I would like two orders of coconut milk soup and two orders of pad thai.
Two orders of coconut milk soup and two orders of pad thai.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Can I order a take out for two people, please?
Can I get a bowl of fettuccine alfredo with chicken, sea linguine with mushroom, a two liter bottle of Pepsi?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello Assistant. I would like to order some burgers for two people please for take-out.
Hello, I can help you order some takeout Burgers go ahead with your order.
Okay, so I'd like two burgers one well done and one medium well with ketchup, lettuce, tomato, pickles, onions and that's it and then one side I'd like some French fries and two diet cokes.
Would you like one or two orders of french fries?
Oh, two orders, please.
For your takeout order I have one well done burger with ketchup lettuce tomatoes pickles and onion. For the second Burger it is medium well with ketchup lettuce tomatoes pickles and onions with two orders of french fries and 2 Diet Coke. Is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Great, we'll be there to pick it up.
Hi, I would like to order a Poke bowl for one.
Can I get base of white rice with salmon, cucumber, and onions, and then teriyaki seasoning?
Can I get crabs Italian?
A poke bowl with white rice, salmon, cucumbers, and onions with teriyaki seasoning crab side salad.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to get take out food.
Thai food you say, okay.
Pad Thai or Green Papaya Salad?
Pad Thai.
Medium Coke to go along with it, you got. Is that all?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I was looking to order some Greek food for take out.
I need to get two Falafel plates with Tahini sauce and a couple drinks and that's going to be it.
2 Falafel plates with Tahini sauce - 2 drinks.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order food for takeout for two people.
Soup.
Take out for two people. Soup. Any side dishes or drinks?
Yeah, I would like to order a clam chowder soup, a gumbo soup. A side of kale and tahini salad. That will be all.
Clam chowder soup, gumbo soup, a side of kale and tahini salad. Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I need help ordering some food for take-out for three people.
I would like to order some burgers with a side order of french fries. I would like them with onions, lettuce and pickles.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Great, that sounds great. I will be picking it up soon.
Hi Assistant, I need help with ordering takeout food for one person, and I'd like to order some Greek food.
What would you like to order in Greek food?
I'd like to order a chicken souvlaki, a Greek salad, and maybe a slice of pie for dessert.
Okay, just to confirm, you would like to order Chicken Souvlaki, Greek salad and a slice of pie. Is that correct?
Yes, can I get extra feta cheese on my Greek salad?
Extra feta cheese on the Greek salad added to the order.
So, just to confirm, you would like to order Chicken Souvlaki, Greek salad with extra feta cheese and a slice of pie.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Great, thanks. I'll be there to pick it up.
Hi, I'm looking for takeout for three people, please.
Two people, you say?
Three.
3 okay, you got it.
I'm looking for barbecue food.
Okay, you got it BBQ food.
Or like salt lake ribs? Maybe back ribs? honey barbecue chicken.
Mac and cheese please and a two-litre bottle of Pepsi.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order Indian take out for two.
I can help you with your takeout order.
Butter chicken with extra green peppers.
And this is for 2 people, correct?
Extra plain rice.
Okay, so far I have butter chicken with extra green peppers with extra plain rice, is that correct?
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order a barbeque for two people.
I can help you with your takeout order.
Can I get a pulled pork sandwich on a brioche bun?
And then also a beef brisket sandwich also on brioche bun.
Okay, I have a pulled pork sandwich and a beef brisket sandwich both on brioche buns.
Yes. And then can I also get two sides of barbeque beans and two sides of coleslaw?
I will add two sides of BBQ beans as well as two sides of coleslaw.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hello. I'd like a pepperoni pizza.
A large Pepperoni on it.
Onion rings on the side.
Large Pepperoni Pizza with Side of Onion Rings.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
All right, I'll head down there in 20 min. Thank you for helping me out. Bye.
I need to make an order for three breakfast burritos.
Just to confirm you would like to order three breakfast burritos.
Yeah and three large Coke.
What kind of meat would you prefer for the breakfast burritos?
All bacon.
Would you like to add extra cheese to it?
Just to confirm your order would be 3 bacon breakfast burritos and three large cokes.
Three large coffees.
Would you prefer cold coffee or hot coffee?
Hot.
Just to confirm your order once again it would be three bacon breakfast burritos with three large hot coffee.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Can you bring up my last order from Crepe Fun Tastic?
Okay, food for 2 people: one large Pepperoni Pizza, one 2 liter of Sprite, two Brownies, two Iced Teas.
And then can you add one more Brownie to that order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe.
Looks like you had 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe.
Yeah. I'd like to add two ice teas to that.
2 ice teas. Sure. I've added that to the order.
Okay. Let me confirm what you have: 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe and 2 ice teas.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need to order takeout.
I want breakfast burritos.
Okay, how many breakfast burritos would you like?
I need two, not for two people.
Okay, I will place the order for two breakfast burritos. Anything else?
And a side of hash browns.
I will add a side of hash browns to your order, anything else?
And a small coffee.
Would you like cream and sugar?
I will add a small coffee with cream and sugar to order, anything else?
And then an orange juice.
I will also add an orange juice, does that complete your order?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm looking for take out for one person, please.
Anything with Indian food, please.
Butter chicken and tandoori chicken.
Maybe some samosa and biryani, that will be it.
Good choice! Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to place an order for burgers for takeout, please.
For how many people and what kind of burgers you would like to order?
I'm ordering for three people. I would like one mushroom cheeseburger, I would like one bacon cheeseburger, and I would like one hamburger.
Just to confirm you would like to order one mushroom cheeseburger, bacon cheeseburger and hamburger. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello Assistant. I'd like to order some takeout food for just myself. Some Italian food, please.
I'd like to order lasagna. A vegetable lasagna with no meat, and on the side I would like a Caesar salad, and I would like Tartufo for dessert, and a Diet Coke.
Veggie lasagna, a Cesar salad, and Cartufo and a diet coke. For one. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
No problem. Enjoy your dinner.
Hi. I'm hungry and I really want to eat some Thai food.
What would you like to eat in Thai food?
I'd like to get white rice Thai food. With a coke for two people. That's all we really want. Oh, yeah. Teriyaki Thai. So, all you want is take out for two people. White rice. Thai teriyaki and 2 liters of Coca-Cola. That is all we want to complete our order.
Just to confirm you would like to order white rice Teriyaki Thai with two liters Coca cola?
Yes, that is all i like to complete our order. When will it be ready to pick up?
What meat would you prefer for the white rice Teriyaki?
Beef. When can we pick it up?
Just to confirm you would like to order white rice Teriyaki Thai with beef?
Would you prefer Diet Coke or regular 2 liter Coke?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
My husband and I want to get some Chinese food, can you take an order?
Two orders of sweet and sour pork, one order of dang down chicken and two orders of wonton.
Can I get a side of sauce as well?
What sauce would you prefer?
I would really like fish sauce.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I was wondering if you can help me order some Mexican takeout.
Okay, let me get some Chicken quesadilla, beans and rice.
Then I also want some chips and salsa with some cheese dew.
Chicken quesadilla, beans with rice, chips and salsa with cheese dip.
Yeah. You did say chips and sauce, right?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant. I would like to order some Italian food for two people for take out. Can you help me?
I can help you with your takeout order. What would you like to order from the Italian restaurant?
I would like to order a Parmesan eggplant for two with order of spaghetti on the side and two diet cokes. And for desert I would like some ice cream.
Here's what I have: two orders of egg plant Parmesan, a side order of spaghetti, 2 diet Cokes and what flavor ice cream would you like?
Oh, The vanilla please.
I will add vanilla ice cream to order, Anything else?
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order burgers for two.
What kind of burgers are you looking for?
Can I get a hangover with cheddar cheese, fried egg, potato bacon hash, and barbecue sauce cooked medium-well?
And then a guacamole burger with shaved red onion, grilled corn salsa, guacamole, and ranch. Also cooked medium well.
A hangover with cheddar cheese, a fried egg, and potato bacon hash with barbecue sauce for one of them and then the other one with shaved red onion.
And then a Grilled corn salsa, guacamole, and ranch, and both of them cooked medium, well.
Your order is one hangover burger with cheddar cheese, fried egg with a baked potato with bacon and barbecue sauce. The other burger with shaved red onion, with salsa, guacamole and ranch dressing, both cooked medium well. Is that correct?
Yes, and also corn salsa on the guacamole burger.
Also, corn salsa with guacamole?
Yes, and then hand cooked fries with both of those.
With hand-cut fries.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi,I'd like to order food for three people today, please.
We're ordering breakfast burritos for all three of us. We'd like everything on it. Steak breakfast burritos, please. Extra hot sauce and three Dr Peppers. And, that should be it.
Okay, placing an order for 3 steak breakfast burritos and 3 Dr. Peppers.
What size Dr. Peppers are they?
A large, please.
Okay, ordering three large Dr. Peppers to go with your three steak burritos.
Your order should be ready in about 45 minutes. Enjoy your meal today.
Hi, I wanted to order food for takeout.
I wanted to order a gyro.
I wanted it to be a chicken gyro and also, can I have a side of spanakopita?
One chicken gyro and a side of spanakopita.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah. I need to find Indian food for three people to take out.
I can help you with your takeout order for Indian food. What would you like to order from the Indian restaurant?
I like one alu matar, one alu saag and one vegetable biryani, please.
One order of alu matar, one order of alu saag and one vegetable biryani?
Okay. I have your details on file and your order will be ready in 20 minutes.
Hi. I would like to order food for take-out for two people. And the type I'm looking at is barbecue food.
Order of barbecue baby back ribs and dry-rub wings.
And two cans of melon dew.
Your order is baby back ribs, dry-rubbed chicken wings and 2 cans of mountain dew?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I am looking for to order a takeout for three people and I need to find a Chinese place.
I can help you with your takeout order for Chinese food. What would you like to order?
Preferably looking for like some orange chicken with a side of fried rice. It would be like a large size and then maybe a side order of egg rolls to go with it.
It would be like a large size and then maybe a side order of egg rolls to go with it.
Okay. I have orange chicken with a large order of fried rice and a side order of egg rolls is that correct?
Three people?
Got it. This is for three people.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to get some Gyros.
And I like to go with those, like a side of french fries with ketchup and I'd like to add a coke with that. That's all I want.
A french fries and a side of ketchup and a coke.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Oh, great. I'll come down and get it in 20 minutes. Thanks a lot, have a nice day.
Hi there, I'm looking to order some pizza.
Okay, I would like two large pepperoni and bacon pizzas with light sauce and an order of cheese bread.
Your order is two large bacon pizzas with light sauce and a cheese bread.
Actually, It's two large pepperoni and bacon pizzas with light sauce.
Two large pepperoni bacon pizza with light sauce and a cheese bread.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello assistant, I would like to order Chinese food for myself and my wife.
I can help you order Chinese takeout. How many people will you be ordering for?
Just two, myself and my wife. We would like to order Singapore-style noodles, spare ribs and two egg rolls.
I have one order of Singapore-style noodles, one spare rib, two egg rolls. Is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'd like to order some soup for takeout.
I'd like some duck soup for three people.
How many duck soups?
Three.
Just to confirm, you would like to order three duck soups. Is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I wanted to order Indian takeout for three people. Let me know when you're ready for my order?
Great! Sure, I wanted one order of tandoori chicken, one order of chicken tikka masala.
And one order of butter chicken and also an order of samosas for us to share. That's it.
One order of tandoori chicken, one order of chicken tikka masala and one order of butter chicken and samosas aswell.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I need to order some breakfast burritos for one person.
How many breakfast burritos and what kind?
I need to order two large bacon, egg and cheese breakfast burritos.
And then I need a side of guacamole with them.
Just to confirm you would like to order two large bacon, egg and cheese breakfast burritos and the side of guacamole. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order takeout.
Okay, what type of food would you like to order takeout for?
Soup.
I have found Spawned and Pho Hoa Noodle Soup.
Spawned sounds good, that'll work.
Okay, what type of soup?
Like chicken noodle, I need enough for three people.
Okay, I'll order three chicken noodle soup from Spawned.
Hi. I'd like to place an order for takeout. I was hoping to get some soup, please.
That'll be me and two others, so three people in total.
Can I get one order of chicken noodle soup and two orders of tomato soup, please?
Would you like any sides or drinks with these orders?
Can I get four orders of crackers?
And two 2-L of Coca-Cola.
One chicken noodle soup and two orders of tomato soup. 4 orders of crackers and 2 liters of coca cola. Does this complete your order?
Yes. That'll be great. Thank you. Can you confirm when it'll be ready for pickup, please?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Enjoy your dinner! Goodbye.
Hi, can I order the same last meal I had last week from Cribbs' Fantastic?
Looks like you had one turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and one Greek Delight crepe.
Can you add one salad with pasta, please?
A salad with house dressing, sure, I've added that to the order.
Let me confirm what you have, one turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and one Greek Delight crepe and one salad with house dressing.
Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order take-out gyro for two people.
I want to specify what I want. I want one gyro pita sandwich, no onions, sauce on the side.
And I'd like one new plate, Also sauce on the side.
And one extra large order of fries that completes my order.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout for three people.
Okay, easy enough, three people and I'm assuming they are all adults.
I'd like three orders of scallion chicken.
Not even a drink to wash it all down with?
Alright, looks like you are all set. I have three orders of scallion chicken.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need to re-order some Raley's gram.
Looks like you had two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both.
House salad.
Did you said you want to add a house salad?
Okay. Let me confirm you have two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both. And a house salad.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I like the place to take out order for three people for three different burger meals.
First burger I want a cheese burger with cooked medium with lettuce, Tomato, and pickle. Second one I want a hamburger that is medium with just mustard, Ketchup, and cheese on it. And then the third one, I want medium with no cheese but mustard ketchup and onion.
Got it. Any drinks with that?
30 drinks, One sweet ice tea, One Coke, and the other one a Diet Coke.
And side we'd like two orders of fries and one order of onion rings.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, could you help me with ordering takeout for two people?
Take out for 2, got it. What would you like?
I'm in the mood for hotdogs.
Okay, 2 hot dogs.
Actually, can I have one chili cheese dog?
And one hotdog with relish, mustard, and sauerkraut.
1 chili cheese dog and 1 with relish, mustard, and sauerkraut.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to take out some burgers and three big hamburgers with a side of french fries.
Free Budweiser beer. Did you get that? Three big hamburgers, carrot fries and three beers Budweiser beer Ain't nothing better than that.
Just to confirm you would like to order three hamburgers, side of french fries and 3 Budweisers beers.Is that correct?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I was waiting to order sandwiches as takeout for one.
Sure. What would you like on your sandwich?
I would just like a turkey club with extra tomatoes, extra lettuce, 2 L of Mountain Dew and that should be it for me.
Okay. I have a turkey club with extra tomatoes, extra lettuce, 2 L of Mountain Dew. Is that all for you today?
Your order should be ready in about 15 minutes. Enjoy your meal.
I can help you with your takeout order, what would you like to order?
I'm looking for some Chinese food.
And what would you like to order from the Chinese restaurant?
Can I get chow mein?
And also can I get orange chicken, fried rice, beef and broccoli, egg rolls and a side of wonton soup for two people.
Okay, this is what I have in order: chow mein, orange chicken fried rice, beef and broccoli, egg rolls and a side of wonton soup for two people, is that correct?
Can I get some duck too, please?
I will add an order of Peking duck to your order.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I want to order takeout sandwiches for three people.
First, I'd like a roast beef and white cheddar panini.
Second a BLT club.
And for sides like three bags of baked chips and three brownies.
Roast beef with white cheddar panini, a BLT club, and a turkey with lettuce, tomatoes on wheat, with three bags of baked chips and 3 brownies, anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order pork food for take-out for one person, please.
Can I get the O.C along with the chicken teriyaki bowl, Egg roll and miso soup.
Just to confirm, your order is OC, chicken teriyaki, eggroll and miso soup.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I am trying to order some take out food for just one person and I would like some barbeque food.
I would like to order some barbequed chicken with french fries on the side, I would like also like a side salad and a liter of diet Coke to wash it down with. Oh and some barbequed ribs.
Okay. We have an order of barbecue chicken and a side order of barbecue ribs, a side order of french fries, a side salad and a 1 liter of Diet Coke.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant, I want to continue my Italian food order.
I started my order with one pizza pie and I also want to get a chicken parmesan.
I'm only ordering for one person.
One pizza pie and one chicken parmesan?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, can I order some pasta for my wife and I?
What kind of pasta?
We would like to order two stringozzi, two spaghetti and two lasagna, please.
2 orders of spaghetti, 2 orders of langosi and 2 lasagna?
No, only one order of spaghetti. I'm sorry.
Does that come with the traditional black truffle sauce?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order some Mexican food.
I can help you with your takeout order for Mexican food.
Yeah, I would like to have a burrito and some fried rice and some taco salad.
Okay, I have one order for a burrito and an order of fried rice and what kind of meat would you like on the taco salad?
Beef with the side of a french dressing and I would like to have some potatoes in there too.
I need some hot sauce.
Okay, I will make sure that there is hot sauce with your order.
Need some sour cream too.
Okay, a side of sour cream. How about a drink?
Yeah, give me a Enchilada too and a Pepsi.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm going to order some pork.
Okay. what would you prefer in pork?
Catch-Up and served large.
You want a large bulk with ketchup and salt that will cost 10.99.
All right. That's what I like and that's all I want. I'll be coming by to pick it up.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'll be headed out now to go get it in 20 minutes.
Hi. I'm looking to order some takeout food. I'd like burgers.
What kind of burgers?
I'd like a nice Rodeo Burger. If you could find that.
Okay, one Rodeo Burger. What else?
Can I get an order of onion rings with that?
Alright a side of onion rings. Anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order some gyro.
How many gyros would you like?
Two gyros.
What meat and toppings would you like on those?
Hamburger meat, cream cheese, lettuce and onions on the first one.
Taco meat, butter, red onions and diced chicken.
Two cokes.
Okay, hold on a moment. That was 2 Gyros. First gyro with beef, cream cheese and lettuce. Second, you wanted Taco meat, lettuce, red onion and diced chicken. You also wanted two cokes, is that correct?
Great, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to place a takeout for two people for Italian.
First, I want a meat lasagna and the other one I want a vegetable lasagna.
Both should be served with sautéed vegetables.
And add two diet cokes.
One order of meat lasagna and one vegetarian lasagna and an order of sauteed veggies for both with two diet cokes. Anything else?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I was wondering if you could help me order some Chinese take-out.
I can help you with your food over, what would you like to order from the Chinese restaurant?
Yeah, I want to start off with some large bowl of egg drop soup.
Okay, one order of egg drop soup large.
Okay and let me get an order of chicken fried rice and two egg rolls.
And one order of chicken fried rice and two egg rolls, anything else?
Oh yeah, I would like a drink.Do they have Coke, Diet Coke or Pepsi? Which ever they have?
You said Diet Coke would be fine.
What size for the drink?
Large.
I will add a large Diet Coke to order, anything else?
"Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi Assistant. I would like to set up food for takeout for three people.
And the three dishes that I'm looking for is cheese ravioli, mushroom ravioli and meat ravioli.
And one large salad to serve the three of us.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today I need your help finding food to get for take out for three people. I'm looking to get burritos.
So that will be Mexican cuisine?
What kind of burritos?
I'm looking to get three large beef burritos and 2 L of Coca-Cola, and that's it.
Just to confirm 3 large beef burritos and 2 cokes.
Would you like to add some sauce to it?
I think I'd like to have mild sauce.
I guess Tobasco sauce would be pretty good.
Tabasco sauce added to your order.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Great! That's pretty good timing for me. I appreciate your help finding food to get for take out, thank you.
Hi, I want to order take-out burritos for two people, please.
I can help you with your taking over for burritos what would you like in your burritos.
Like one bean and cheese, One Carne asada and I'd like sides of yellow rice, pinto beans, and black peas. Black beans, I'm sorry. And that's it.
Okay, this is what I have one bean and cheese burrito one Carne asada burrito and side orders of yellow rice pinto beans and black beans.
Anything else? Would you like to add any drinks?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order takeout for Italian food.
And more specifically I like to get a Vegetable Lasagna.
I'd like to get a vegetable lasagna.
I would like to get a bottle of red wine.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order sandwiches for three people.
Yes, we'd like three large chicken sandwiches.
Also I want Mayonnaise, ketchup, cheese, pickles, cucumbers, tomatoes, mayonnaise, some jalapenos, vinegar and the oil, lettuce and three large bites, please.
Just to confirm, you would like to order three large chicken sandwiches with mayonnaise, ketchup, cheese, pickles, cucumbers, vinegar, lettuce, tomatoes and jalapenos mustard.
Can we get Delmonte drink?
Is there anything else that you would like to add in terms of drinks?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey, we're looking to buy some Indian food tonight, can you help us with that?
Two orders of dosa and a side palak paneer.
And does the dosa come in any particular size or is it just one size?
only one size, sadly.
Oh okay, one size. All right, well.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yes, I think that's it. Oh, 20 minutes, all right. Sounds good by me. Thank you.
Oh, 20 minutes, all right. Sounds good by me. Thank you.
Hey. I am looking to order some takeout food for one person.
One pasta primavera with dinner rolls on the side and a tossed salad as well.
One pasta primavera with dinner rolls on the side and a tossed salad. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order some gyros for takeout.
It's going to be for two people.
What kind of gyros do you want?
I need one chicken gyro and one lamb gyro, both with Tzatziki sauce and then include two iced teas in the order.
Just to confirm you would like to order one chicken gyro and one lamb gyro with Tzatziki sauce and 2 iced teas. Is that correct?
You would like to order one chicken gyro and one lamb gyro with Tzatziki sauce and 2 iced teas. Is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I am looking for some place to eat barbecue. I want it to be taco but I want it to be enough for three people.
What kind of barbecue? Anything else?
I wanted it to be enough for three people.
3 orders of barbecue.
Hi, I need your help finding a restaurant to order takeout food for 3 people. I'm looking for barbecue to eat.
Sure, barbecue for 3. What would you like to order?
I'm looking to order 5 pound pork sandwiches as well as a pitcher of sweet tea.
5 pound pork sandwiches and a pitcher of sweet tea, anything else?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order some takeout food for three people, can you help me?
I would like to order some poke food, some ice tea and a side salad with that.
Your order is a poke, with ice tea and a side salad. Is that right?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I would like to order food for takeout for one person, and the type of food that I'm looking at is sandwiches.
I'd like to order a bacon nugget cheese sandwich with a 12 ounce and a can of sprite.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Breakfast burrito.
Breakfast burrito take out. Any side dishes or drink?
Two coffees.
Breakfast burrito and two coffees. Anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need to get takeout for today.
I'm looking to get breakfast burritos.
What kind of meat would you prefer?
I want sausage.
It will be me and another person. So, two people.
How many sausage breakfast burritos would you like to order?
Two.
A side of hash browns.
How many hash browns?
Two orders.
Just to confirm, you would like to order two sausage burritos and a side of two hash browns?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Oh, yes. I'd like to order take out for two, please.
I'm looking for Indian dishes. Two orders of tandoori chicken, please, and one buttered chicken. And two water bottles, please.
Your order is 2 tandoori chicken and 1 butter chicken, with 2 water bottles, is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need to order take out for three people.
I want to get Mexican, please.
I'd like to order some tacos and it should be enough for three people.
Tacos for three people?
Yeah, and also rice.
With some rice to go along with it, do you know what kind of tacos you wanted?
Chicken and beef.
Chicken and beef, sure thing.
I want a side salad.
Side salad to go along with it?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I want to order breakfast burritos for three people.
Just to confirm, you would like to order breakfast burritos for three people.
That's right. Here's what I want, I want one with eggs, potatoes, onions, bacon and tomato.
Just to confirm, You would like to order one burrito with eggs, potatoes, onions, tomatoes and bacon.
For the second one you would like to order with eggs, potatoes, onions and sausage?
And for the third you would like to order with eggs, potatoes, onions and tomatoes?
Would you like to add any drink?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'd like to order some food. I like some pasta. I like to get a big plate of spaghetti with meatballs. And on the side, I want Italian bread with 2 L Coca-Cola. That's all. That will complete my order.
Just to confirm, you would like to order spaghetti with meatballs, pasta, on the sides Italian bread with 2 liter Coca-Cola.
You're welcome. Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm trying to order food for takeout.
I would like to order pork food.
One poke bowl. What would you like in it?
Lettuce, tomatoes, onions and chicken.
Yeah, Diet Coke, please.
One diet coke and a poke bowl with chicken.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm looking to get a take-out just for me. I'm kind of in the mood for some burritos, So could you tell me who could have that for me?
I want a burrito with rice.
One burrito with rice anything else?
And then a Coke.
One burrito with rice with a Coke.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I want to get Thai food takeout food just for me.
Okay. Thai food, sounds good, what would you like to order?
It looks like there's a special on pad Thai for this evening.
Okay, so let me get pad Thai then.
It's just for me. Just for one person.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm trying to order some takeout for two people. We are hoping to order a couple of large soups, one chicken noodle, and the other tomato.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need to order Thai food for two people, takeout.
Yeah, I needed a pad thai, spring rolls and som tam.
Pad Thai, spring rolls and what was the last order?
Som tam.
And som tam, you got it.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout for two people.
I would like two bacon cheeseburgers and two orders of fries.
2 bacon cheeseburgers and 2 orders of fries. Is there anything else to add to this order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I want to order Mexican food for takeout, please.
One moment, You wish to order Mexican food for take out, correct?
Okay, I just need two beef burritos and a side of nachos with cheese, And that's all.
Two beef burritos and a side of nachos.
Yeah, Let me get two waters.
Two bottled waters.
Your total is $25.
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi, we are looking to buy some breakfast burritos. Can you help us with that?
Of course. How many breakfast burritos do you want?
Two bacon egg and cheese burritos. And one large bean burrito.
Is a bean burrito vegetarian?
They come in 2 sizes: medium and large.
Yeah. Make the two breakfast burritos just medium, okay?
And the bean burrito?
That should be large.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey, I need to order takeout food for the three of us here.
Okay, what would the three of you like?
We would like two orders of cheese ravioli, six orders of buffalo chicken and it's the six-piece kind, not the 12-piece kind and two medium lemonades.
2 orders of cheese ravioli, 6 orders of the 6 piece chicken wings, and 2 lemonades. Is that correct?
Yeah, two medium lemonades and the chicken is Buffalo. I know they have a choice of Buffalo or barbecue, so we want Buffalo. And could you request that the lemonade be low sugar?
6 piece chicken buffalo wings and two medium low sugar lemonades have been edited on your order.
Yeah. It sounds good to me. Yeah, that's it. We want something Italian tonight. So we're going to be looking forward to it.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I could take a order for take out for myself, some burrito.
Okay and how do you want that burrito?
A breakfast burrito, please. Steak, hot sauce, cheese and egg, hot sauce.
Like a large burrito and a large taco barbecues.
A large breakfast burrito, with steak cheese and egg with hot sauce and a large Dr. Pepper. Does that complete your order?
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi, I would like to order food to takeout for three people.
Ok, takeout for 3 people, what kind of food?
I would like to have Mexican food. I'm looking for two Beef Tongue Quesadilla.
I shall order Chicken Mole Enchiladas.
2 Beef Tongue Quesadilla and one Chicken Mole Enchiladas, is it correct?
Ok. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah, I want to order some Italian food for take out.
Two.
Okay. For the first order, I'd like an order of chicken parmesan with a salad with net mayonnaise and ranch dressing on that one.
Okay and for the second order I would like an order of Fettuccine Alfredo also with a salad with French dressing on that one.
Yeah, let me get an appetizer of mozzarella sticks, some extra Italian bread, and two diet cokes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order Thai food for two.
Can I get a bowl of Pho and Pad Thai?
A bowl of Pho and Pad Thai. Is that correct?
Yes and also a side of Wonton soup.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I was wanting to order some food from Krips.
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 greek delight crepe.
Yep and that is exactly what I would like this time. I also like to add two iced teas to my order.
2 ice teas? Sure. I've added that to the order.
1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 greek delight crepe.
And 2 ice teas.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to place takeout for two people.
One order of Pork Souvlaki dinner. I don't want a salad though with that and then also second order, I want gyro with lime and beef. And can you add a salad with a gyro and two Cokes?
You would like to order pork souvlaki, with a salad and a gyro with a diet coke.
No, not diet coke, just two cokes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to reorder what I had from Crete's Fantastic last weekend.
You ordered 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe.
I'd like to add one salad with the house dressing.
A salad with house dressing? Sure. I've added that to the order.
1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe and a salad with a house dressing.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I was looking to order takeout for three, barbecue food.
Okay. I was just thinking three pulled pork barbecue sandwiches.
Do you want any drinks with that?
How about a 2 L of Mountain Dew?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order some take-out food tonight for myself.
I can help you with your takeout order, what would you like to order?
I'd like a large Matzah ball soup and a small pea soup.
One large matzah ball soup and one small pea soup, anything else?
Yeah, can I get a bottle of water with that too?
I will add a bottle of water to your order. Anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to have a soup takeout for two people.
Okay, do you have any kind of soup in your mind?
Can I have chicken noodles soup?
So 2 orders of chicken noodles soup?
Ok, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Thank you.
Yeah, I'd like to reorder my meal from Casa Sanchez, please.
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had 1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans.
It's correct. Could I add one salad with house dressing, please?
One salad with house dressing? Sure. I've added that to the order.
1 market burrito with black beans and spicy salsa and 1 chicken taco platter with refried beans.
And one salad with house dressing.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, i need to resume a take-out order that was being placed.
Yeah, i need to resume a take-out order that was being placed earlier, for hot dogs.
Hot dogs for two people.
I have 2 large hot dogs with a side of fries so far.
Okay, make that two sides of fries and one of those i need mushroom Chilli and onions and the other one just ketchup and two large cokes.
The condiments.
I need one with mushroom chilli and onions and one with just ketchup.
2 large hot dogs with a side of fries, one mustard Chilli and onions, one just ketchup.
Okay, can i have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I need to order takeout for one person.
I need to order some breakfast burritos.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I'd like to order some Indian food to take out.
Indian food for takeout okay, sure thing.
Let me get one lamb biryani and one sweet kabab.
One sweet kebab.
One lamb biryani, okay.
Let me get one sweet kebab.
One-sweat kebab.
I would like to add one vegetable samosa and one meat samosa.
Okay, one vegetable Samosa and one meat samosa.
And also let me get a couple of yogurt drinks.
A couple of yogurt drinks, okay.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'm looking for soup. Can you help me with that?
I would like to have crackers with tomato soup, on the side.
Tomato soup with crackers?
Yeah, when will it be ready, I'll come by and pick it up.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order take out for three people.
I would like to order three BLT sandwiches.
Okay, 3 BLT sandwiches, anything else?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'd like to order takeout for one person.
I'd like to order two breakfast burritos.
Two breakfast burritos. What kind?
Sausage, egg and cheese.
Medium.
Just to confirm. You would like to order two medium breakfast burritos with sausage, egg and cheese.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello Assistant, I would like to order some Mexican food.
I'd like to order for two people and I would love to order two tacos and also I would like to order some enchollatas with a side order of refried beans and a tacos salad to go.
And I would like to add 2 diet cokes to my order.
Just to confirm, you would like to order two tacos, with a side of enchiladas, refried beans & a taco salad. Is that correct?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Great, I look forward to picking it up. Thank you so much.
I need to order takeout for three people.
I'm looking to order some burgers.
Any additional items like fries and drinks?
I need to order two large fries and three large Diet Cokes.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout for two people.
What would you like to order takeout for two people?
I would like two orders of lasagna.
Would you prefer a side of meat sauce?
Just to confirm, you would like to order two orders of lasagna. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to place an order for takeout. I'm looking for hot dogs.
Hot dogs, What kind and for how many people?
I need hot dogs for three people. Can I please get hot dogs with relish, Mustard and Onions, please?
Let me confirm your order. You would like to order 3 hot dogs with relish mustard and onions. Is that correct?
OK, Can I have your personal details on file? Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Today, I need your help to order food for take out for two people and I'm looking for burritos.
I'd like to get two beef burritos and a large Baja Blast and that'll be it.
Okay. I have an order for two beef burritos with a large Baja Blast. Does that complete your order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, Awesome. That's pretty good timing for me. I'll be ready to pick it up. Thank you.
Yes, I'd like a take-out for myself, Please. I'd like to order a burger.
What kind of burger would you like to order, Would it be a meat or just plain cheeseburger?
I'd like the biggest cheese burger that I can get with tomatoes, Pickles, Cheese, Lettuce, Couple of Jalapenos, Ketchup and Mustard. Also I'd like to order medium fries and a large coke, please.
Just to confirm, Would you like to order a large cheeseburger with tomatoes, Pickles, Cheese, Lettuce?
What would you like to drink?
Large coke.
Would you like me to order a diet coke or a regular coke?
A cherry coke, Please.
Cherry Coke added to the order.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need to order takeout.
One moment. You need to order take out, correct?
I want barbecue.
Barbecue, okay.
I need enough for three people platter of barbeque rings.
A barbecue platter for 3 people?
And I want macaroni and cheese with it.
Also, an order of macaroni and cheese?
Any dessert?
A pecan pie.
A pecan pie?
And then a large soda.
Your order total is $50.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Assistant, I need help in ordering a pizza for 2 persons, please.
Okay. Pizza for 2 got it. What would you like on that pizza?
I would like to have a large pizza with anchovies, mushrooms, peppers for two people.
One large pizza with anchovies, mushrooms, peppers and what was the last part?
Peppers.
Can I also get some diet coke?
Okay, 2 liters of diet coke.
"Ok. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes".
Hi, I'd like to get a barbecue takeout for three people.
I'd like two Pulled Pork Barbecue Sandwiches and one Beef Brisket Sandwich.
I'd also like two sides of Baked Beans, two-three Sweet Teas.
Would you like anything to drink?
And then for sides that were two servings of Baked Beans, two servings of slaw, and two servings of Mac and Cheese.
Okay, I got that for you. You wanted to Pulled Pork Barbecue Sandwiches, Beef Brisket Sandwich, three Sweet Teas, Baked Beans, Coleslaw and two orders of Mac and Cheese. Was that correct?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order some food for one person.
I'd like to order some Italian food. Spaghetti plate with Italian bread and cheese packets on the side.
And a large Coke.
Spaghetti plate with Italian bread and cheese packets on the side.
And a large coke.
Okay, placing your order for aSpaghetti plate with Italian bread and cheese packets on the side and large coke.
Thank you. Can you tell me when it's available to pick up?
It will be available in 25 minutes.
Hi. I want to order some Turkey food for takeout.
It's a fish salad. And I hope I would get some french fries on the side and a 2-liters coke. Can you help me with that order, please?
I can help you with your takeout order.
And add pork and side order of fries with ketchup.
2-liters coke, this will be for two people. That's about it. I'll come and pick it up.
What kind of fish would you like?
Fried haddock, fries and make it large fries. Ketchup and a 2-liters of coke, that's all I would like. I'm done with the order.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey, I am so lonely that I feel like ordering pasta for two people tonight and pretend someone else is eating with me. Can you help me order some pasta?
I would like to order two Babini pasta and light marinara sauce. As well.
Alright, 2 orders of Babina pasta with light marinara sauce and make a large order of pastini with no sauce.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I want to order Poke takeout for one.
I would like one Tuna Poke Bowl.
Just to confirm you would like to order one Tuna Poke Bowl. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, can you help me get some gyros?
Okay, what kind of gyros do you want?
I would like a veal gyro and a chicken gyro.
1 veal and 1 chicken gyro.
Yes. Can I get a set of rice with that?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey, I'm looking to get some hot dogs tonight. Can you help me?
Well, I want a Long Island hot dog with extra mustard. And my girlfriend wants a Coney Island hot dog with no pickles, but extra relish.
No, that's it. Oh, can you give us like packets of mustard on the side?
One Long Island hot dog with extra mustard, and a Coney Island hot dog with no pickles, and extra relish, and I'll make sure they add a fist full of mustard packets. Does that complete your order?
"Okay, can I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Awesome, have a great night and enjoy your dinner.
Hey. I'm going to order some Mexican food for me. Can you help me with that?
Okay. Can I get two orders of shrimp quesadilla and one order of nachos fajitas?
Can I get a side of refried beans with that, too?
Yeah, just one soda. Make it a medium.
Just one person.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order sandwiches for three people.
Excellent. My first sandwich is roast beef and white cheddar panini, second is BLT club, third turkey lettuce tomato and mayo. For sides I'd like three bags of baked chips and three brownies, and that completes my order.
Just to confirm you would like to order, Roast beef and white cheddar panini, blt club,
Turkey lettuce tomato and mayo and for sides you would like to order 3 bags baked chips and 3 brownies.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I want to order some takeout.
I want to get the breakfast burrito. Enough for three people.
So just 3 breakfast burritos or more?
Three breakfast burritos, yes.
And then let me get an order of hash browns.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I was wondering if you could help me to place an order for hot dogs for take out.
Regular hot dogs.
Okay, let me get four regular hot dogs with mustard chili and onions.
Also a small order of fries.
And a large coke or diet coke, whichever one.
Four regular hot dogs with mustard chili and onions, small fries and a large diet coke.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Can you help me get some Indian takeout food?
Sure Indian take-out for how many people?
For one person.
I would really like some samosa.
Samosa okay, what would you like with that?
You know I've been really looking forward to butter chicken as well.
The price rating should be moderate. Like I don't want to spend a ton of money on takeout.
Okay butter chicken, any sides?
No sides. Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, today I need your help getting for takeout for two people.
I'm looking to get one hot dog with Sauerkraut and mustard, one hot dog with just Ketchup and one hot dog with chewy cheese. And that's it.
Yes, I can. I'm looking to get one hot dog with sauerkraut and mustard, one hot dog with Ketchup and one hot dog with chili cheese.
One hot dog with sauerkraut and mustard one hotdog with ketchup, one hot dog with chili cheese.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome. I'll be ready to pick it up in 20 minutes. Thank you for your help today.
Hi, how are you doing today? I'd like to order some Indian food.
I'd like to order Chicken curry. Chicken curry with hummus and a 2 liter of Coke and that is all I want and bye.
Chicken curry with a hummus and a 2 liter of Coke.
Chicken curry with hummus and a 2 liter Coke, is that correct?
Yes, that's all I want. What time should I pick it up?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd to order a take out, Italian, For two people.
What would you prefer in Italian cuisine?
I would like one beef lasagna plus an additional meatball and vegetable lasagna. Four pieces of sourdough bread and two cannolis.
Just to confirm your order, 1 beef lasagna additional meatball, One veg lasagna and 4 pieces of sourdough bread and two cannolis?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need to order takeout for three people, please.
Can I get a full rack of barbecue ribs? A full bucket of hot wings. A barbecue salad with a side of mash potatoes, french fries and a 2-liter of Dr. Pepper. That's it.
Full rack of ribs. A bucket of hot wings. A BBQ salad, mashed potatoes, french fries and a 2-liter of Dr. Pepper. Anything else to add to this feast?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to know if it's possible to order same thing I did last week from Larry's Grill.
Looks like you had two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both. Is that right?
Can you add two iced teas, please?
2 iced teas, I've added that to the order.
Okay. Let me confirm what you have two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both and 2 iced teas.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm trying to get a order from the Barbecue for my team.
Okay cool, barbecue for your team, you got it.
I'm looking for a place to have some boneless rib tips.
Boneless rib tips, okay. Sure thing, delivery too, is that right?
Let's see, I would go with an order of large boneless rib tips, I'd like some macaroni and cheese as a side and as well as french fries.
One order of large boneless rib tips, some macaroni and cheese and as well as a side of french fries and I'm assuming you want extra-large on all of those for the team, is that correct?
Can I just have a large 2L Pepsi?
A large 2L Pepsi, just one?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order some Jaylos. I like them dipped in honey mustard and I like it to be a large order of Jaylos. Can you help me with that?
Okay. A large order of Jaylos dipped with honey mustard.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I'd like to order some Mexican takeout food tonight.
What would you like to order in Mexican food?
Hot sauce.
I'd like to get some burritos.
Beef burritos, meat, and potato burrito.
And 1 Liter of Coca-Cola.
Just to confirm you would like to order one beef burritos, meat, and potato burrito 1 liter of Coca-Cola. Is that correct?
I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need to place some order for take out.
I need a pasta.
Pasta. Any side dishes?
No. It's just Well, some salads but mainly just the pasta.
Pasta, and salads for take out. Okay, got it.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I'd like to order out some hot dogs.
How many hot dogs?
Eight hotdogs.
Okay, 8 hot dogs.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to get takeout food for one person.
Pizza.
Could I have a large with mushrooms, green peppers and onions?
Just to confirm you would like to order one large pizza with mushroom, green peppers and onions. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yes, I'd like Indian food for three people, please.
I would like two orders of butter chicken and one order of tandoori chicken and three large sprites, please. And that should be it.
Okay, I have 2 orders of butter chicken, one order of tandoori chicken and three large sprites?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, today I need your help in finding food to get for takeout for three people. I'm looking for Thai food.
Awesome! I'm looking one large red curry and two pad Thai
I'm sorry the second order was that pad Thai?
Yes, that was Ped's Thai.
One large red curry and two pad Thai?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order some hot dogs and also put some ketchup on them.
Yeah, I like onion too.
Okay, Hot dogs with ketchup and onions.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Thank you.
I'd like to order take out Italian for one person.
Like, order for lasagna with meat sauce and a side of two meat balls. And one cannoli, please. And that completes my order.
And one cannoli, please. And that completes my order.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I like to order food for takeout. I'd like to have pizza.
It's for three people.
I can help with your takeout order for three people what would you like on your pizza.
Actually no, I want meatballs instead of pizza.
So, just a large order of pasta and meatballs, is that right?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Italian food.
What kind of Italian food?
I would like to have Spaghetti with two meatballs and side of bread and butter with a bottle of Coke.
I'm also ordering for two people. So, let's make that two plates of spaghetti, two large Cokes, and two pieces of bread with butter.
So, your order is, two orders of spaghetti with meatballs, with two large cokes and 2 bread with butter, is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey, I'd like to order some breakfast burritos for the three of us here.
Okay and how would you like those burritos?
Yeah, I'd like three camping style burritos, two mineral water, one Coke, and a side of ketchup.
Three camping style burritos, 2 mineral water, one coke, and a side of ketchup. Does that sound correct? Anything else?
Yeah, do the burritos come in one size or different sizes?
They are one size. Huge like brick size huge.
Hi, I would like to order some Italian food for take out.
Can I get an order of Veal Parmesan?
A side of a garlic bread.
And one antipasto.
Veal Parmesan, side of garlic with antipasto.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah, Help me find Indian food takeout for two people, please.
I can help you with your takeout order for Indian food. What would you like to order?
Two orders of butter chicken and two Cokes, please. That should be it.
Okay, two orders of butter chicken with 2 cokes. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order take-out Indian food for three people.
Okay, I can help you order takeout Indian food.
I'd like to order butter chicken, tandoori chicken and a French bean aloo and finally three orders of naan.
I have one order of butter chicken, one order of tandoori chicken, one French bean aloo and three orders of naan. Is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Can you take an order for hot dogs?
This is just for myself. Can I get two cheese dogs and one regular hot dog with extra sour cream?
Yeah, can you put the Sauerkraut dog on lettuce?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
And the other two hot-dogs, just normal bread as going to be good.
Hi. I'd like to get Italian takeout for two.
I'd like an order of Veal Parmesan.
Veal Parmesan?
That's right. And also an order of Linguine with Clam Sauce.
And, can I also get a small Garlic bread and a small Antipasto?
Small garlic bread?
No, we have our own drinks here. Thank you, though.
Okay, it looks like your order will be ready for pickup in about 35 minutes.
Hi, I need to place a takeout order. Can you help me with that?
Yeah, I need a large bowl of chicken soup. I'd also like a some salad with no tomatoes.
And can I get a large diet Coke? And make sure I get crackers with that.
Large chicken soup, a small salad and a large Diet Coke with crackers.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi. I would like to order two large deep-dish pizzas.
I need one of them with cheese and the other with pepperoni.
Can we add two Pepsies?
2 pepsies got it.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I'd like to order take out for two people.
Greek food.
I would like to order two Gyros.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to take out some food.
If possible, Chinese.
Sure, what type of Chinese food would you like?
Sweet and sour chicken, a noodles, and dumpling.
What type of noodles?
Ramen noodles.
For two people?
That's correct. I need it for two people.
Okay, that order will be ready in about 30 minutes.
Hi there, I was wanting to order some food from Larry's Grill.
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had two burgers and sweet potato fries with both burgers. Is that right?
I'd like to add a salad with house dressing to the order.
Okay, salad with house dressing I've added that to the order. Anything else?
Okay, let me confirm what you have: two burgers well done with everything on them and sweet potato fries with both burgers and a salad with house dressing. Is that right?
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to order take-out burgers for three people.
I can help you with your take-out order. What would you like on these burgers?
I like one single cheeseburger with honey mustard, tomatoes and lettuce, One double cheeseburger with egg, lettuce and tomato.And one single burger, no cheese, just only mustard and ketchup and large quarter fries, please.And that´s it.
One double cheeseburger with egg, lettuce and tomato.
And one single burger, no cheese, just only mustard and ketchup and large quarter fries, please. And that's it.
One single cheese burger with honey, mustard, tomatoes and lettuce. One double cheeseburger with egg, lettuce and tomatoes. One single cheeseburger with no cheese mustard and ketchup and large quarter fries. Would you like anything to drink?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to takeout some Chinese food for three people.
3 orders of sweet and sour chicken.
3 orders of sweet and sour chicken, anything else?
And a side of chicken noodle soup.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, can you help me in ordering some Chinese food, please?
I would like to order Egg rolls, Shrimp fried rice and Broccoli beef.
I need it for four people.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah, I need to order Chinese food takeout for three people.
Yes. General Tso's beef lo mein, crab rangoon, sweet and sour chicken, orange chicken and a large pork fried rice. That'll be it.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I'm looking for takeout food for three people and I need to order some pasta.
I need three large orders of spaghetti and meatballs. I need a family-size order of garlic bread on the side.
No, no drinks.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'm looking for takeout food for one person. I'm looking for breakfast burritos.
I'm looking for cheese, bacon, sausage.
If it's possible, I could have some onions and mushrooms in it too.
Onions and mushrooms.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to buy some Chinese food.
Sweet and sour pork, Kung pao chicken and dumplings.
How many orders of dumplings?
Four orders of dumplings.
About 20 minutes. Sweet and sour pork, Kung pao chicken and 4 orders of dumplings.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order takeout Indian food for two people, please.
Like I want to order butter chicken and one tandoori chicken and two orders of flatbread, please.
One order of buttered chicken, an order of tandoori chicken, with two sides of flat bread. Does that complete your order? Would you like drinks?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah, I wanted some help ordering some takeout.
Pork.
Yeah, I'd like Mahi-mahi.
Oh, yeah. Do you have some kind of drinks?
Do you have coke?
Yes, there is coke.
Okay, I'd like to either get a couple of can cokes or a 2L coke.
2 liter coke. Is there anything else?
Okay, your order should be ready for pick up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I need to find takeout for one person. I'm looking for some hotdogs.
I'm looking for boerewors.
No toppings in specific, maybe some fried onions on the side.
One boerewors hotdog with fried onions.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi there, I want to a order take out for one.
I think I'm just going to order a porkable with Yellowfin tuna and a 2 L of Mountain Dew and that will be it.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need to order a barbecue for one person.
I can help you with that. What would you like to order in barbecue?
Like one pulled pork sandwich and one large order of fries, and that completes my order.
Just to confirm you would like to order one pulled pork sandwich and one large order of fries. Is that correct?
"Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes".
Hi, I'm looking to order some Greek food for take-out.
It's going to be for three people. I'm just going to need €3 and three large sprites. And then a side of octopus. That's going to be it.
I'm just going to need €3 and three large sprites.
And then a side of octopus.
Just to confirm you would like to order 3 gyros, Three Sprite and a side of octopus. Is that correct?
OK. "I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes"
Hello Assistant, I would like to place an order for pizza. I'm keen to order something that I have ordered before. Can you help me?
The last time I ordered I used Sara's Pizza, can you find that order?
Yeah so you got one large pizza with 1/2 pepperoni and 1/2 mushroom is that correct?
I would like to add one brownie.
You got a chocolate brownie. Sure thing.
You got it so you have one large pizza with half pepperoni and half mushroom and a chocolate brownie, anything else?
Hi. I'd like to order takeout for one person, please.
Take out for one, and what would you like?
Chinese food.
Can I get a a side of chow mein, another side of orange chicken, a bowl of mutton soup with shrimp?
A 2 liter bottle of Pepsi and that'll be it.
An order of chow main, orange chicken, won ton soup with shrimp, and a 2 liter of pepsi. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I'd like to order some burritos, breakfast burritos with with extra bacon veggies and extra cheese, American cheese. And on the side I'd like some hash brown potatoes and to drink I would like one decaf coffee and one regular coffee.
How many burritos would you like to order?
2 bacon breakfast burritos. Is that correct?
How many hash browns?
Two hash browns.
Just a coffee. Don't forget my coffee.
Coffee. What size?
One medium and one large, one decaf, one regular.
1 medium decaf and 1 large regular. Is that correct?
2 bacon breakfast burritos with extra bacon veggies, extra American cheese and 2 hash browns.
And 1 medium decaf and 1 large regular coffee.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I'd like to order barbecue for two.
Can I get a chopped poke barbecue plate with slaw and hush puppies and then also a Brunswick stew plate, also with slaw and hush puppies.
Yes, one chopped poke barbecue plate with slaw and hush puppies. And, then one Brunswick stew plate and hush puppies.
Okay. One moment. Hold, Your order is one chopped pork BBQ plate with slaw and hush puppies, another order of Brunswick stew plate and slaw and hush puppies. Is that correct?
Yes, And then can I also get two sweet iced tea with that?
Included two Sweet Iced Teas.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like two hot dogs with ketchup tomatoes, just a small amount of onions, pickles, mustard, a couple Jalapenos and medium order of fries for both.
I'd like two hot dogs ketchup and mustard, please, and an order of large fries and real large coke and that should be it.
2 hot dogs with ketchup, tomatoes, pickles, onions, jalapenos - one order of large fries - one large coca cola. Is that your order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I need to order barbecue for take out.
One minced pork platter and one beef brisket.
Okay, I have one minced pork platter and one beef brisket. Anything else?
Coleslaw and potato salad.
I will add an order of coleslaw and one order of potato salad. Anything else?
Two iced teas.
Sweetened or unsweetened iced Teas?
I will order one of each.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello there, I need to order some Indian food.
Somewhere close in Aurora, Illinois.
Okay. Like some vegetable samosa and order of tandoori chicken, small serving of naan and a small serving of caviar.
Vegetable samosa, tandoori chicken, small naan, caviar.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, I need to order Mexican food for three people.
I need to order three plates or three entree plates or three enchilada plates with beans and rice for sides and an order of side nachos loaded with three medium drinks.
Your order is 3 entree enchilada plates, with rice and loaded nachos and 3 medium drinks.
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi there. I'd like to order burgers for two, takeout, please.
I think we're going to go a chili burger, a rodeo burger, two orders of onion rings, an order fries and a 2 L Mountain Dew.
Okay, so I got chili burger, the Rodeo Burger, two orders of onion rings and order of fries and a 2 L of Mountain Dew?
Okay great and before I end it anything else, just to make sure no desserts?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order food for takeout for two people.
I'd like to order a couple hot tuna fish sandwiches.
Any drinks with that?
Coca-Cola.
And a side of fries.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I wanted a breakfast burrito for one and I'd like it to have sausage, egg, cheese, and hash browns, and then I'd also like a large coffee.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'm looking for Thai Takeout.
I can help you with your takeout order. What would you like to order from the Thai restaurant?
No, it's for two people, I would like to get one order of shrimp pasta, one order of shrimp I mean of chicken pasta.
Okay, this is what I have one order of shrimp pad Thai, one order of chicken Pasta Thai for two people, is that correct?
Yes, I also have an order of coconut rice.
I will add an order of coconut rice to your order. Anything else?
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hello, I would like to reorder the same take out order that I had last weekend from Sara's Pizza.
Looks like you had 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom.
Yes, two ice teas, please.
Two iced teas? Sure. I've added that to the order.
1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom.
And 2 ice teas.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. Can you help me in ordering food takeout for three people please?
Three orders of bbq ribs, three medium fries and three large cokes to go along with everything and that should be it.
Three orders of bbq ribs, three orders of medium fries and 3 coca colas.
Ok, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah, I'm ordering food take out right now for three people. We are looking for Burritos.
Yeah, can you also add cilantro to it?
Yes. Burritos with added cilantro.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like help ordering take out.
I would like Coke for two people.
You would like Coke for two people, is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes
Hello, I need to order take out for one person and I need to order Italian food.
I can help you with your take over for one person, what would you like from the Italian restaurant?
I need a large order of spaghetti and meatballs, and I need an order of garlic bread.
Okay, just to confirm you would like one large order of spaghetti and meatballs and garlic bread, would you like to add anything to drink?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I wanted to order takeout for three people.
I want sandwiches for the first order. Could I have a Turkey Club sandwich? For the second order, could I have a Chicken salad with Lettuce and Tomato with Ciabatta Roll? And for the third, I would like a South Restaurant's Tuna Rare with cheese and then, can I also have three bags of chips?
First Turkey Club sandwich, Chicken salad with Lettuce and Tomato with Ciabatta Roll, and a South Restaurant's Tuna Rare with cheese and three bags of chips. Does that sound correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Enjoy your dinner tonight.
I want to order some barbecue.
I'm going to need it for two people.
Let me get a stack of ribs, and then also let's go for a side of wings.
What type of wings would you like to order, and how many?
Just regular barbecue. And let's get 12.
A stack of ribs for two, and a dozen of the barbecue wings. Does that complete your order?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yeah, I need to order take out for three people, from an Italian restaurant.
Well, I'd like to get a large pizza.
One large pizza got it.
With green peppers, onions and mushrooms.
Green peppers, onions and mushrooms for toppings.
Yes, please, and three medium cokes.
3 medium cokes, anything else?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I like to order take away for two people, please.
I like to eat Chinese food.
I would like to order Chinese food.
I like fried rice, roasted duck, chicken beef and broccoli, and pasta cruise.
Okay, So fried rice, roasted duck, chicken beef and broccoli and pasta cruise. Is that correct?
Would you like anything to drink?
I'd like to get two liter Pepsi, please.
And A 2 liter of Pepsi to wrap up all the stuff, you got it.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi! Today I need your help in getting food for take-out for one person and I'm interested in getting some pizza.
Okay, I can help you to get some take-out pizza. What size do you want?
I'm looking to get a medium buffalo chicken pizza.
To confirm I have one medium buffalo chicken pizza.
I have your details on file and your order will be ready for pick up in 20 minutes.
Today I need your help on finding a place to get take-out for one person. I'm looking to get some barbecue food.
BBQ food, okay. Sure.
Great. I'm looking to get a pound of pulled pork. With mild sauce, mild barbecue sauce and that's pretty much it.
I'm looking to get a pound of pulled pork.
With mild sauce, mild barbecue sauce and that's pretty much it.
Okay 1 lb of pulled pork with mild BBQ sauce and that is looking like all that will float your boat for the day is that correct.
Okay great so I got 1 lb of pulled pork with mild BBQ sauce do you want anything else.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, awesome. That's pretty good timing. I'll be ready to pick it up. Thank you for helping me find food for take-out.
I am searching for Indian food.
One.
Curry.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, can you help me to reorder my last order at Larry's Grill?
Looks like you had two burgers well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both.
Sounds right. Can I add one salad with dressing into that order?
A salad with house dressing. Sure. I've added that to the order.
Two burgers, well done with everything on them. Sweet potato fries with both and a salad with house dressing.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Bye.
Hi, I'd like to order some takeout food for two people, and I'd like to order some hot dogs.
Perfect, what would you like with those hot dogs?
I'd like one hot dog with mustard, relish and sour crout, another hot dog with mustard and relish, no sour crout. I would like an order of large fries, french fries on the side and two diet cokes.
One hot dog with mustard relish and sour kraut and one hot dog with mustard and relish, fries and two diet cokes. Is that correct?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
No problem. Enjoy your dinner and have a great weekend.
Hello, I'm looking for take-out for one and I'm looking for Greek food.
What would you like to order in Greek food?
I need two gyros one with steak cheese, peppers and the associated seasonings on top.
Just to confirm you would like to order to gyros with steak cheese pepper and associated seasonings on it?
Would you like to order anything to drink like the Greek coffee?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order Greek take out for one.
Yeah. Can I get one lamb gyro with a side fruit?
Perfect. And then also one sprite.
So one lamb gyro, sprite and a side of fruit?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, I'd like to take out some food tonight.
Barbeque would be the type of food I would like.
Korean BBQ?
Yeah, Korean Barbeque sound's good.
Let's do chicken.
Chicken. Do you want any sides with that?
Yeah. Give me some cole slaw, some fortune cookie and some saki.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'm looking to order some takeout Thai food.
Okay. I would like some spicy green papaya salad.
Okay. Two orders of pad thai-style fried noodles.
Three orders of khao pad.
Anything to drink?
Two orders of the kai med ma muang.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I was looking to order some Mexican food for take out.
For three people.
I need six hard-shell tacos and then I need two steak burritos.
And then I just need a gallon of lemonade.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order food for takeout for two people. The type of food I'm looking at is Chinese food.
Yeah, I want order a small order of barbecue ribs with rice. I'd like to order small fried chicken wings with pro fried rice to Kansas Friday. That´s it.
Small order of barbecue ribs and rice, an order of a small chicken with pork fried rice, and two cans of sprite. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
All right, today I need your help getting food for take out for one person. I'm looking to get some Greek food.
Okay, Greek food sounds good.
I'm looking to get, two Jairos, one parmigiana Jairo, and another Beef Jairo.
2 Gryos, one Parmesan, and one Beef, will that complete your order?
"Okay, can I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hello, I would like to order burritos for myself, please.
Awesome, what kind of burrito would you like?
Okay, king size steak burrito with everything inside with extra cheese, a cup of hot sauce on the side, a jar of jalapeños and a large cherry coke, please?
Ok, that was a large steak burrito, with everything extra cheese. Hot sauce and Jalapenos on the side with a large Cherry Coke, is that correct?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I was ordering some pasta but I forgot to say that I want a side salad. And, I would also like some bread. Crusty bread on the side and also some diet coke to go with it.
You ordered a pasta with salad, and crusty bread in the side and diet coke.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hello, I'm looking for take out food for three people, looking for some pasta dishes.
Okay, takeout for 3 pasta got it.
And I'm looking for something that's fairly big in size. Maybe something like Rosina consisting of Matsedel cheese and Italian sausage.
Lasagna with mozzarella and Italian sausage got it. Anything else?
Can I get an order of bread steaks to go with it?
One order of breadsticks.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order some food for two people.
Italian food.
What would you like to order in Italian food?
A pasta salad.
How many pasta salads and what kind?
Two pasta salads. Any kind of pasta salad would be fine.
I have a few choices. Broccoli Pasta Salad, Chicken Pasta Salad, Tomato Pasta Salad. and Seafood Pasta Salad. Which one would you choose?
I need two chicken pasta salad with a side of Italian dressing.
Just to confirm, you would like to order two chicken pasta salad with a side of Italian dressing. Is that correct?
That's correct, and can you add one bottle of red wine? Slightly aged to 5 years.
One bottle of red wine added to the order.
Just to confirm, you would like to order two chicken pasta salad with a side of Italian dressing and 1 bottle of red wine.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I need to order sandwiches.
It'll be for three people.
Great. I wanted a chicken Caesar wrap. For the second person I wanted a tuna salad wrap. And for the third person I wanted a rose beef fry. And that's it.
Just one moment. To confirm your order. I have one chicken Caesar wrap. One tuna salad wrap and a roast beef fry, is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi. I wanted to order take out.
I can help you order takeout. What would you like to eat?
I wanted Chinese food.
Just one.
Great. I would like General Tso's Chicken and an order of Shrimp Fried rice and also two Spring Rolls.
For your takeout order, I have one General Tso's Chicken, one order of Shrimp Fried rice and 2 Spring Rolls. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I was wondering, If you could help me order some take-out.
I can help you are take out. How many people will you be ordering?
Okay, I'd like a turkey sub with a turkey and cheese a mayonnaise, lettuce, and tomato.
Can you get a diet coke to go with, too?
So to confirm your order, I have one turkey sub with cheese mayo lettuce tomato, a side of fries and a Diet Coke, Is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I would like to order takeout.
I want to order soup and I need it to be big enough for three people.
What kind of soup you want?
Chicken noodle soup would be better.
It should be extra large.
I need a side salad.
Just to confirm, you would like to order one extra large chicken noodle soup and a side of salad.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey Assistant, I'd like to order a food for take-out for two people.
Italian food, I'd like to order one lasagna dish and one baked ziti dish.
Two people.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need to order take out for three people, please.
I'm thinking about Greek food.
Can I get a Chicken Gyros?
Let's see and You know what? And two more chicken gyros and that'll be it.
Is that a total of 3 chicken Gyros or just two?
That's total three chicken gyros.
Would you like any sides or drinks with that?
Can I get a 2 liter bottle of Pepsi, please?
1 pita on white naan bread and 3 chicken gyros and a 2 liter of Pepsi. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I wanted to order takeout for three people.
I'm in the mood for Italian.
What do you like to order a pizza or pasta?
Oh, I'll be ordering real-time for like pasta.
What kind of pasta would you like to order?
For the first person, I want to order Fettuccine Alfredo. For the second person, I want to order chicken masala. And for the pasta, I want it to be angel hair. And for the third person, I want to order Linguine with white clam sauce.
Sure, I wanted to order a Fettuccine Alfredo.
That's Fettuccine Alfredo.
Fettuccine Alfredo.
For the second person, you would like to order chicken masala and angel hair.
For the third person, you would like to order linguine with white clam sauce. Is that correct?
Yes, I would like two sides. Can I have Focaccia bread and Bruschetta along with the others?
Two sides Focaccia bread and Bruschettas.
The second one is the Bruschetta.
The second one would be Bruschetta.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, today I need your help ordering some food for take-out. I'm in the middle of deciding to get.
I'm looking to get some Chinese take out.
Chinese takeout and anything else?
That'll be it. I'm just looking to get if I could say my order, I'd like to get two egg rolls and a large pork fried rice.
As well as a bowl of small wonton soup.
Two egg rolls, a large pork fried rice, as well as a small Wong Tong soup. Alright, and it will do it for you today?
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome, 20 minutes for me is good timing. I'll be ready to pick it up. Thank you for your help today.
Hi, today I need your help finding food for takeout for three people. I'm looking to purchase some burgers to eat.
What would you like to order from the burger place?
I'm looking to get three double cheeseburgers and three large sweet teas and two orders of large fries and that's it.
Okay. We have three orders of double cheeseburgers, three large sweet teas and two orders of large fries?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
It was Italian.
Okay, I want to make my beef lasagna with extra cheese.
And a caesar salad with a side of breadsticks.
Just to confirm, you would like to order beef lasagna with extra cheese and a caesar salad with breadsticks, is that correct?
Yes. For one person.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, could you help me order takeout?
I want Indian food. How about a half order of samosas? And one regular order of butter chicken.
Half an order of samosas, one order of butter chicken, anything else?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey, I want to get some hot dogs. Can you take a hot dog order?
Yes, so we can get two I think, they were like Coney Island hot dogs from New York.
Extra relish on one of them and extra ketchup on the other and a medium Pepsi.
"OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Yeah, I would like to order some food for takeout.
Let me get one large euro platter with fries and a great salad.
Can I also get a pork soup lucky platter with yellow rice?
And let me get one order of lamb shank.
Thanks. Could I also get three large cokes with that?
3 large Cokes added to your order.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Yes, I need to continue a take out order.
Pasta for two different people.
Pasta for two people.
I have 2 meatball pastas for 2.
Okay, I need to add some a couple of salads to that, one with tomatoes with ranch dressing, one without tomatoes with ranch dressing and two large Diet Cokes.
Pasta for 2 people, one salad with tomatoes and ranch, one salad with tomatoes, two large diet cokes.
Okay, one of the salads was supposed to be no tomatoes and one and both of them with ranch. Other than that, it's fine.
Pasta for 2 people, one salad with tomatoes and ranch, one salad without tomatoes and ranch, two large diet cokes.
Like to order for three people, please.
We'll be ordering Greek food. I'd like three gyro plates.
Extra tomatoes, onions, sour cream.
Can you put pickles on the side of all three of those orders? Ketchup as well on the side. And we would like three large cherry cokes for all three.
Three gyro plates, extra tomatoes, onions and sour cream. Pickles on the side as well as ketchup. Three large cherry cokes. Does that complete your order?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Enjoy your dinner.
Hi, can I order for three people, please?
Can I get one bowl of Clam Chowder? No England Clam chowder? One bowl of low-fat chicken noodle soup? And lets see Brick Chili. Can I get a 2 L bottle of Pepsi, please? And that will be it.
Would you like crackers for the soups?
1 bowl of Clam Chowder, 1 bowl of low fat chicken noodle, one order of Brick Chili,  a 2 liter bottle of Pepsi and some additional crackers. Is that right?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order food for takeout for one person.
I'd like to order one Chili dog and French Fires and a small Mountain Dew.
Okay, so you want one Chili dog and French Fires and a small Mountain Dew, is that correct?
It will be ready in 15 minutes, enjoy your meal.
Hi, today I need your help in ordering take-out for three people and I want hot dogs.
Okay, takeout for three people and you would like to have hot dogs, sounds good.
Now, I'm looking to get six hot dogs, two with ketchup and two with sauerkraut and mustard and two with chili.
Just to confirm, your order is six hot dogs, two with ketchup and two with sauerkraut and mustard on it and two with chili.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to reorder my same take-out from last weekend from Craig's fantastic.
Sure, let me bring that up. Looks like you had 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe. Is that right?
Can I add one brownie to that, please.
A chocolate brownie? Sure. I've added that to the order.
Let me confirm what you have, 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe and a brownie.
Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, today I need help getting takeout for three people to eat. I'm looking for Chinese food.
3 people for chinese food what would you prefer in Chinese food?
Well, I'm looking to order a large pork fried rice, a small scale rib, as well as two egg rolls and that would be it.
Just to confirm your order large pork fried, small spare rib and 2 egg rolls.
Actually yes, I'd like to have a picture of sweet tea.
Picture of sweet tea added to the order.
Would you like to try some soups.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, Casey wants to order some pasta tonight for him and his daughter. Can you help me do that?
Absolutely, what kind of pasta would they like?
One order of Fettuccine, Pal-Mini, two orders of Ravioli and 3 sides of Tomato Sauce. Is this correct?
Yeah, the fettuccine and Pal-Mini are different. So, it's one order of Fettuccine and one order of Pal-Mini.
Correct, 1 of each.
Yeah, You think the three sides are too much for Tomato Sauce?
Yeah, you're right. You know what? Make it three. I'm glad I made it three.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to place an order for takeout for one person, please.
I'd like to order some pasta.
I would like some Lasagna, actually something like meat Lasagna with a side order of Caesar's Salad, and some Crusty Bread, and some Gelato for dessert.
Sounds good, would you like any drinks with that?
Yeah, throwing a bottle of red wine.
"Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
Hi, I want to order a takeout Greek food for three people.
I would like to have one gyro platter sauce on the side, one serving of Miso-Cup and one serving of pastitsio.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I was wanting to order some takeout Italian.
Okay. Can I get one large meat lovers pizza a Woozania?
Three small orders of spaghetti and meatballs.
One large meat lovers pizza,one lasagna, 3 small orders of spaghetti and meatballs.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. Can you help me in finding some food to order for takeout for two people? I'm looking for some Greek food.
I need 2 lamb gyros to eat.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to order food for a takeout for two people, please.
I'd like to order barbecue spare ribs and barbecue pork ribs.
And I would like to add ice tea and a can of Coca-Cola to it.
Barbecue spare ribs, barbecue pork ribs, ice tea and a can of Coca-Cola .
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order food for takeout for one person.
I would like to order beef Tongue Quesadilla with a can of diet Pepsi.
One beef tongue quesadilla and a can of Diet Pepsi.
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order breakfast for three people, please.
Three orders of breakfast burrito.
Yes, extra sauce, Steak and Big Burrito with three orders of Spanish ribs and three large cokes. That's it.
Burrito.
One moment. 3 order of steak burritos, extra sauce on the side, 3 Spanish rice and 3 cokes. Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello Assistant, can you help me order some Italian food?
I'd like an order of spaghetti with meatballs and lasagna.
If you could add a couple of rolls, that would be good.
Your order is spaghetti with meatballs and lasagna with a basket of dinner rolls, is it?
Oh, can you add a couple of Cokes. Takeout Cokes.
Two large Cokes?
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hey, I'm looking to order some barbeque for the three of us.
Barbecue food for three people?
Can I get a full rack of naked ribs, a half chicken soup of the day and could we get a side of baked beans with that?
A full rack of ribs, chicken soup of the day and baked beans.
Yeah, make sure the ribs are naked, I don't want them dressed.
Naked ribs?
Yeah, naked ribs.
Your order total is $65.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I would like to order food for takeout for one person.
Hero beef with onions, Tomatoes and tzatziki sauce.
Just one moment. You ordered a Hero beef with onions, Tomatoes and tzatziki sauce?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant. I need help ordering some Mexican food for three people.
You would like to order Mexican food for three people. Correct?
I would like to order two burritos, one chicken, one beef. And I would like to order not a burrito a enchilada, and on the side I would like refried beans, and also a salsa, and chips appetizer.
Just to confirm, you order is two burritos (one chicken and one beef); an enchilada with refried beans, chips and salsa.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, so I'd like to order takeout for three people. I'd want breakfast Burritos.
Okay, I'd like breakfast burritos food for take off for three people.
I'd like jalapeños, pico de gallo, cheese, guacamole, lettuce, salsa, and red beans on my three Burritos.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. Bye.
Hello. Hi. Today I need your help getting food for takeout for one person. I'm interested in getting some pizza.
Yes. I'm looking to get a medium sausage and pepperoni pizza.
Medium pepperoni and sausage pizza. Anything else?
OK. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome. 20 minutes is good timing for me. I'll be ready to pick it up. Thank you.
Oh yes, I'd like to order some Italian food for myself, please.
I'd like to order order Spaghetti. Two caneries.
Two caneries.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi there, I was wanting to order some take out soup for three.
What kind of soup would you like to order for three people?
I was thinking three orders of clam chowder.
And some drinks with that, maybe a 2 L of Mountain Dew and that should be it for me.
Just to confirm, you would like to order three clam chowder with some drinks.
2 liter of Mountain Dew soda.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Can I have some Mexican food?
Okay, Mexican food, what would you like to order?
I want two bean burritos with a side of Siracha, and my boyfriend wants a large tortilla.
2 bean burritos and a side of Siracha and one large tortilla and anything else?
Okay, can I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hello, Today I need your help finding food for takeout for one person. I'm looking to get pasta.
What kind of pasta would you prefer?
I'm looking to get rigatoni in tomato sauce.
Rigatoni in tomato sauce?
Would you like to add additional pepper to it?
Yes, I would. And as well as Parmesan cheese.
Additional pepper and parmesan cheese added to the the pasta.
I'm okay with drinks.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Okay, great. That's good timing for me, I'll go and pick it up then. Thank you for your help today.
Hello. I want to order takeout for probably three people.
I want to order pork.
So just to confirm you would like to order three porks.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to order food for take out for three people. Now the type of food I'm looking at is breakfast burritos.
So you would like to order breakfast burritos for 3 people. Is that correct?
What kind of Burritos?
I'd like to order a sweet potato burrito with egg whites, black beans and avocado. Sausage, tomato, egg burrito, the second one. And last, chorizo, red pepper and Monterey Jack burrito.
The first order would be a sweet potato burrito with egg whites, black beans and avocado. The second order would be a sausage, tomato, egg burrito. Third is chorizo, red pepper, Monterrey Jack burrito.
Chorizo, red pepper, Monterey Jack burrito.
First sweet potato burrito with egg white, black beans and avocado.
Second sausage with egg and avocado.
Sausage, tomato and egg burrito no avocado. Just tomato and egg and I want sausage.
Okay, so the second one is sausage, tomato and egg burrito, is that correct?
Okay and the third one is chorizo, red pepper, Monterey Jack Burrito.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I need help ordering takeout for one person, please.
I'm looking for Greek food.
Can I get a bowl of classic hummus Caesar salad with lamb chops and chicken shawarma?
Okay. A bowl of hummus, Ceasar salad with lamb chops and chicken shawarma?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order takeout soup for two people, please.
I can help you with that. What kind of soup would you like to order?
I'd like one large broccoli and cheese, one large chicken noodle, and one loaf of sourdough bread, please.
Just to confirm you would like to order 2 soups. They are one large broccoli and cheese, one large chicken noodle soup and sourdough bread.
Okay. I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I like to order Chinese food for take out.
I can help you order Chinese takeout. How many people will you be ordering for?
I like to order the Singapore I like to order the Singapore's spicy noodles with shrimp an fried egg.
I'd like to order spill ribs and I'd like to get an egg roll. That should do it.
Pre-order, I have one Singapore spicy noodle with shrimp and fried egg. One order of spareribs and one egg roll, Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Terrific. Sounds like a nice, tasty dinner tonight with your help. Thank you.
Hello. I'd like to order some of my favorite Greek food as takeout food for two people.
I would like to order a Gyro with extra sauce and a Greek salad on the side. And I'd like to order a Souvlaki and another Greek salad, no anchovies, please.
And would you like beef or chicken for that Gyro?
Chicken, please.
1 chicken gyro with extra sauce, a Greek salad, Souvlaki, and a side salad with no anchovies. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
No problem. Enjoy your dinner.
Could you bring up Sarah's last order of pizza?
Your order was 1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom.
I want to add two iced teas.
Two Iced Teas.Sure. I've added that to the order.
Yeah, and then I want a side of crazy bread.
1 large pizza with one half pepperoni and one half mushroom 2 ice teas and a crazy bread.
Okay. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello, Assistant. I'd like to place an order Crepes Fantastic for pick up, and I'd like to have exactly what I ordered last time.
Sure, let me bring that up looks like you had 1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe. is that right?
Yeah, I'd like to add two iced teas, please.
Two Iced Teas sure I've added those to the order.
1 turkey-avocado crepe with cheddar and 1 Greek Delight crepe. and 2 iced teas.
Ok, Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to order hot dogs for take out for one person.
Specifically, I would like to order a chili hot dog.
Ok, hot dogs for take out for 1.
I would like to order a chili hot dog, a chili cheese hot dog, a can of orange Fanta, a side out of fry small French fries, that's it.
1 chilli hot dog, 1 chilli cheese hot dog, 1 can of orange fanta and a side of small cheese fries, do I have your order correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order takeout.
I can help you order takeout. What kind of food would you like to order?
I want to get Mexican food.
I need it for three.
I want to get three quesadillas and rice and beans.
I want to get an order of rice, singular Mexican fried rice.
What size rice would you like?
I want to get a large.
And then the third order I need to get six regular tacos.
What kind of meat would you like?
Ground beef.
So to review order I have three quesadillas with a side of beans and rice, one large Spanish rice and 6 beef tacos. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, I'd like to order pizza for one person, please.
I want to order pizza.
Can I get a medium Hawaiian pizza with pineapple and ham?
And can I get a 2-L bottle of orange soda. Sorry, Cheesy bread sticks, and that's about it.
Okay, can I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to order food for takeout for three people. I want to order sandwiches. I like to order Po' Boy sandwich, pastrami on rye sandwich, a french cheese steak sandwich.
Three cans of Fanta soda.
Po' Boy sandwich, a pastrami on rye, and a french cheese steak and three Fanta sodas with a large order of tater tots and fries. Is that correct?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I want to order takeout for two people the Mexican food.
Three tacos.
Two enchiladas.
Mexican jumping bean salad.
Your orders are three tacos, two enchiladas, and a Mexican jumping bean salad.
Ok, "I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes."
I need to place a take out order, I need to get soup for three people.
What kind of soup would you like to order?
Baked potato soup.
And I need extra sour cream for each.
Just to confirm, you would like to order three baked potato soup with extra sour cream.
Sure, three diet sodas.
3 diet sodas added to your order.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
I'd to continue my order, Ordering spaghetti from earlier. I got disconnected.
No problem. That'll be one quarter on pasta with extra source on top. And two slices of garlic bread on the side, Extra cheese on the side too, little packets of cheese, And a large coke.
And two slices of garlic bread on the side, extra cheese on the side too, little packets of cheese, and a large coke.
One order of pasta with extra sauce on top, Okay, Sure thing, do you want marinara sauce or Alfredo sauce and two sides of garlic bread on the side and extra cheese on the side the little parmesan pack and cheese and a large coke and anything else?
Give me Alfred Dosaks, please.
Okay, Alfredo sauce for that pasta, Anything else?
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order Italian food for three people.
The type of dish that I'm looking at is a large pepperoni, broccoli with mushroom pizza, with a liter of coke, three slices of tiramisu, and that would be all.
Just to confirm you would like to order a large pepperoni with black Olive and a large Coke with 3 tiramisu.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi Assistant, I'd like to order some take out food for three people, and I'd like to order some Italian food.
Okay, takeout for 3 Italian style.
I'd like eggplant parmesan with a side order of Linguine, and a salad with Italian dressing.
I would like a cherry soda.
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello Assistant, I would like to order some take-out for one person and I'd like to order some breakfast burritos.
Just one.
I'd like to order a side order of hash brown and some toast and some coffee, please.
I would like some low fat milk.
Noted. Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I was wanting to order some Greek takeout for one.
Okay. Greek takeout for one. Got it.
Yeah, I think I'm just going to have a chicken gyro.
One chicken gyro. Anything else?
How about a two liter of Mountain Dew?
2 litre of Mountain Dew as well.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
I'd like to order take-out for three people.
I'd like three orders of pad thai.
Just to confirm, you would like to order three orders of pad thai?
What kind of meat would you prefer with that?
Chicken.
Okay, you would like to order three orders of pad thai with chicken.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hello. I was wondering if you could help me order some take-out.
Yes, absolutely. What would you like to order for takeout and for how many people?
Just me tonight, how about some pasta?
Pasta, okay. What kind?
How about some 13-year Alfredo with an order of garlic bread extra? I'd also like a salad with a with some ranch dressing.
Just to confirm. You would like to order fettuccine alfredo garlic bread extra salad with ranch dressing.
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
Hi, I would like to order take out for two people for Thai food.
I would like two orders of large Penn Curry with a side of white rice.
Two orders of large curry with a side of white rice got it.
And two Thai iced teas.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi. I was wanting to order Greek takeout for three.
You were wanting to order Greek takeout for 3?
Two pork gyros with extra onions, one chicken gyro with no onions, and a 2 L of Mountain Dew. And, that'll be it for me.
Two Pork gyros with extra onions, one chicken gyro with no onions, and 2 liters of Mountain Dew. Is this right?
I'd like to order gyros for three people.
Okay, 3 gyros. Anything else? Any specific toppings?
I'd like one to be lamb and the other two to be chicken with pesto on both. And also lettuce in all three.
1 lamb, and two chicken, with pesto and lettuce on all three. Anything else?
Can you also get tomato and mozzarella cheese on all three?
Okay, 1 lamb, two chicken, with pesto, lettuce and tomato on all three, does that complete your order?
Ok. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
You're welcome. Enjoy your dinner!
I would like to order takeout for two people, please. We're looking for some Greek food.
Two gyros. Can you put some onions on the side for both, and two large Sprites, please? And that should be it.
I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, today I need your help getting food for take out for one person, myself. I'm looking for pizza to eat.
Okay, I'm looking to get a large pizza with banana peppers and pepperoni.
A large pizza with banana peppers and pepperoni.
Yes, And I'd like to get a can of Coca-Cola as well and that would be it.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Awesome, 20 minutes is pretty good timing. I'm glad that you can help me today find food to eat.
No worries enjoy your pizza.
I will like to order take-out for one person.
I will like to order one Lasagne.
Just to confirm you would like to order 1 Lasagne.
Any preferred meat?
Beef.
Just to confirm you would like to order one beef Lasagna.
Okay, I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes. You're welcome. Bye.
I'd like to order pork balls for two people.
What type of pork balls?
I'd like white rice on all of them.
And then avocado, as an extra for one of them.
Okay, I have your details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in about 20 minutes.
Hi, I was looking to order some Thai food for two people.
I'm sorry. For three people.
Okay, I need two orders of pad Thai and can I have one order of drunken noodles, and I need three water bottles.
Just to confirm your order, you would like to order 2 pad Thai, one Drunken Noodles and three Water bottles. Is that correct?
Okay. I have your personal details on file. Your order will be ready for pick-up in 20 minutes.
